[00:00:00] The start of 2026 for me was probably my most challenging losing streak I have had in my trading career. At the start of the year you have presidents getting abducted, talks about World War and these are major news events that are directly being impacted into the markets. We're having moves in the markets that have never happened before because there are stuff happening in the world that has never happened before. So that directly impacted my results in
[00:00:20] trading. Now fast forward those two chaotic months of the year of just [music] entirely losing week after week, I'm finally on my first three week winning streak of the year. I've managed to make around 150, 160,000 dollars per week in the last three weeks trading and in this video I'm going to break down every single trade and how I managed to do that. And I want to be very transparent and be very vulnerable. Everything in trading is not sunshine
[00:00:45] and flowers. You're not going to win every single week. You're not going to win every single trade. Even in this winning streak right now, I managed to be positive on a winning streak. I'll show you right now. These are my results right here. I literally am on a winning streak and I managed to win and lose the same amount of trades but ended being positive. That is the power of the strategy and the concept that I'm going to be sharing in this video here with
[00:01:09] you guys today. Because trading is challenging and losing streaks are inevitable but winning streaks, there's ways on how to optimize them. So with that being said, let's get started. Now before we dive right into on how to optimize winning streaks and how I exactly got to this point, I need to give you guys context on how to face a losing streak because losing streaks are inevitable and if you don't know how to get out of a losing streak, you will
[00:01:30] never be able on knowing how to optimize a winning streak. So the start of the year for me, since I'm very transparent with my trading, I post the before, the during, the after of every single trade that I take. I just kind of built this habit in my community and I've really normalized it in my career to just post every trade that I take. And I was for an entire two months losing trade after trade after trade after trade after trade.
[00:01:54] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Where I got to the point where everybody that knows me from social media was questioning my strategy and questioning my expertise [music] and my strategy. And at that point, I realized that some of these people don't understand the longevity of trading. And they don't understand this first rule. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; And that is that there is no plan B. There is no changing of a plan. There's
[00:02:13] no changing of a strategy [music] when you're in a losing streak. Losing streaks are inevitable. You simply just have to continue to stick to your plan and trade the best possible trade setup that you can take. It's almost like if you were in a rush to go somewhere and you get stuck into bumper-to-bumper traffic because sadly there was an accident in front of you. You can't reverse. You can't go over the curb. You can't get out the car and start walking.
[00:02:38] You can't run. There's nothing that you can do other than just stick to the plan. Stay in your car and continue to go. You're just going to get there a little late. Same exact thing here. You have to stick to your strategy, stick to your risk management, and you might not get the profits that you want this week, but if you stick to the plan, your risk-reward is positive, you will end up positive on the long run. Now knowing that there is no plan B and that there
[00:02:58] is no modifying of a strategy if you've lost three, four trades consecutively, that there is no modifying risk management to make back for losses, it's just sticking to the plan that was what's going to get you out of that losing streak. Let me break down exactly what you need to optimize and keep your winning streak. So, the most important thing is going to treat every single trade the same. Doesn't matter if you have just lost 10 trades in a row.
[00:03:21] Doesn't matter if you have just won 10 trades in a row. Doesn't matter if you've been break even for the last 10 trades in a row. The next trade has no correlation to the last trade. It's like right now if you were to walk into a restaurant, the type of food and the type of service that you get at one restaurant has no correlation to the restaurant that is right next door to it. They can be serving completely different foods, completely different
[00:03:46] servers, and completely different structure. Just because you had a bad experience at restaurant one doesn't mean that restaurant two has any correlation to that. If you enter restaurant two with a negative mindset and you are entering with having a negative expectation, you might find problems that would have never been a problem if you had a great experience in restaurant one. If restaurant one was great, food was great, when you go to
[00:04:07] restaurant two, you might not realize certain things because of the way that you approach it. And that's what trading needs to be like. Doesn't matter if you just won five trades in a row, you can't feel like the king of the world and that you're going to predict the next trade. If you just lost six trades in a row, you can't believe that you're now in a tragic losing streak and you're going to lose the next trade. Every single trade is unique and you need to treat it as
[00:04:28] cold as you possibly can. Don't have any association of one trade to the next trade. That is going to be the core foundation as to how you stick to your plan and don't let the last trade avoid the next trade, for the good or for the bad. And one of my personal favorites when it comes to actually optimizing a winning streak the best that you possibly can and scaling it is redefining the trader, not the strategy. A lot of people, they like to
[00:04:54] tighten their stop losses, make their take profits longer, get better sniper entries. Not me. I believe for you to optimize and scale your winning streak to the max that you possibly can is enter the highest possible level as to what got you into that winning streak and double down on it. If, for example, let's say you entered a winning streak because you traded London session and New York, which required for you to be
[00:05:21] asleep during the duration of the day, do that. Sleep during the whole entire day. Sleep during traffic hour, during the afternoon, so you're just awake entirely for London and New York session. If that's what got you into a winning streak, double down on that. Don't try and find a way on how to modify your strategy to not have to stay awake at those times. If that's what worked for you, you stick to it. If for whatever reason what got you to your
[00:05:43] winning streak is going to be only taking trades on the 4-hour timeframe. Don't find reasons to perfect the 2-hour or the daily timeframe. Stick to what you're good at and stay there. Redefine what got you in your first winning streak. What got you to the point where you are and just double down on it. Don't fix something that's not broken or don't try and find something else if you haven't maximized the potential of what's right in front of you right now.
[00:06:07] And to add to the last key of the entire operation of having the correct mindset and approach to sticking to a winning streak is not letting your ego get to you. Ego is probably the thing that holds traders back the most because when traders lose, they don't want to accept that it was their mistake. They try and find whatever external reason as to why something went wrong and they don't realize that it was them. And also an ego when you believe you know everything
[00:06:34] and despite you still maybe having some losses and maybe having some wins, your ego gets the best of you. You can't embrace that you're still a student of the markets and that you don't know everything and that you will forever be a student of the markets at whatever level that you are and you can't move further than what you already are because you aren't ready to accept that you're wrong and then simply enter new change into whatever mistakes
[00:06:58] you're making in your trading so you can continue to grow as a trader, not just stay stuck because you want to be right about whatever it is that you're wrong about in your trading. So, I've seen traders come and go all the time where they just don't want to accept that they're wrong. Their ego gets to them and they entirely just throw their profits down the drain. They throw entirely their time down the drain. And I've also seen egos ruin people. They're
[00:07:23] on top of the world, they're making the most amount of money, they're having their first winning streak, their first winning month, first winning year and then a situation like what happened to me at the beginning of this year happens to them. And then what ends up happening is they don't know how to manage and contain that because they're so high on their horse that they fall very hard because they weren't prepared for that and they just can't accept that they
[00:07:44] have to potentially modify something if they're making changes that they shouldn't be making. So, with that being said, let's get into the technicals and the actual trades that led me to be in a winning streak in these last 3 weeks. Let's break them down. All right, now diving into the markets, we're going to break down the first out of the four trades out of my winning streak for the last 3 weeks, which is going to be GBPNZD. Just pop it up, editor. It's
[00:08:07] literally the first trade. We made $269,000 on this first position. So, this position was a counter trend trade. So, as you guys can see right here, this is the position that we entered at this point. And it might look like a great trade from here. It might look like very clean structure. You can tell that this market is creating lower highs, lower lows, lower highs, lower lows. Then we shifted to creating highs and lows. So,
[00:08:32] at this point right here, if I were to just take this market structure &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; that I have just drawn up right here, just move it to the right. We're just going to It's literally this exact same structure. Move it up here so it's a bit more visual. As you guys can see, literally the entire market was creating lower highs and lower lows being bearish. Inverted head and shoulders right here. We broke, retested that
[00:08:53] neckline, created new higher high, higher low, and then we retested that structure point. This is the most classic break and retest trend continuation pattern that you can possibly see. So, the daily time frame was bullish. Now, the reason why I call this a counter trend trade is because at the time of me entering this trade, the weekly time frame is very bearish. You can see here this is a higher high, higher low, higher high structure, lower
[00:09:16] low. So, this market was bearish at the time of me entering this position. You guys can see right here, this market was bearish. This was the higher low. This was the higher high, and then we shifted to the downside. Now, the reason why I entered this trade is because I believed this weekly time frame from here we could have had a very deep retracement into here to then head to the downside.
[00:09:44] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; So, I was interested in entering this counter trend trade retracement, but I needed the daily and the 4-hour to align with that. So, that's where I go down here on the So, the weekly time frame we identify that it's overdue that retracement. We're above the EMA daily time frame, we shifted bullish, so I buy there on the daily. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; And then when I go down to the 4-hour
[00:10:03] time frame, 4-hour time frame, at the time of me entering this position [music] was bullish. So, the market structure shifted bullish, and then we simply continued to the upside. My stop loss was very [music] conservative. It was below this area of interest, below the daily structure point, and I had a simple 1:2 [music] risk-to-reward. This is a beautiful trade. Now, the reason why I got out at this area right here is because I
[00:10:27] believed that the weekly could have a reaction from here. Because remember, the weekly time frame [music] is bearish. So, I'm taking a counter trend trade with the 4-hour and daily to that weekly area of interest from where the weekly time frame could have a reaction. So, think about [music] it like this. The weekly time frame is having this move like this. Let me delete this. The weekly time frame is having a move
[00:10:51] like this. Right? So, this is where price on this retracement is where I'm [music] interested in capitalizing off of this retracement because if we make it to this resistance, clearly whenever we're below we head [music] down, we head [clears throat] down. When we're above we head up. So, as of right now when I was taking this trade way over here, we're very far from there. So, I can take [music] the trade to that area
[00:11:12] right there. So, this is what I waited for the daily time frame [music] to shift bearish. This is where you see the bearish, the head and shoulders, and it shift bullish. So, I entered on the daily time frame shifting bullish because it was creating that retracement for the weekly time frame to head [music] to the upside. So, that was that shift right here. If I go down to the daily time frame, it's the exact same shift. I'm literally seeing the market
[00:11:37] go from being bearish to being bullish. And that's where we entered, right on that retest right there. I waited for that candlestick to close so I can have that confirmation in order for me to enter this trade to head to the upside. So, I waited about 5 days for this trade to hit my take profit, stayed very patient, and we made it there. Now, I don't care that this trade went past my take profit. I wasn't looking to maximize this to the last pip. To me, it
[00:12:01] made sense for this market to simply have a reaction from this area and then now supposedly head to the downside. The fact that it kept going up, it is what it is. It's part of the process. I'm not going to change the plan. Not going to think that I did something wrong or modify it to optimize it to the last pip. My trade was a counter trend trade. It was already aggressive. It was meant to be a 1:2. I simply move on to the next one. So, this is the first trade
[00:12:25] which led us to have our first solid win. And it was a beauty of a trade. Now, my next trade is NZD/CAD as a loss. So, I took a $161,000 loss. As you can see from the other losses and wins, my wins will always outweigh my losses. So, NZD/CAD, I ended up losing this position. And when I lost it, I was pretty much straight into stop loss. And I was totally okay with it because I had already pre-calculated my risk. So, NZD/CAD, this is the loss that
[00:12:50] I took over here. It was a bit of a higher risk trade because we are below this resistance level here, this resistance and support. So, weekly time frame, as you can tell, whenever we're above, we're heading up. Whenever we're above, we're heading up. When I was buying over here, technically we were below it. So, that was already the first wrong thing that I did. I was just okay with it at the time. The daily time frame gave me a decent structure, but I
[00:13:11] really was mainly entering this trade just off of the 4-hour. I saw some accumulation at this area right here. I liked that on the 4-hour we were above this area of interest, but it was a choppy market overall. I should have stayed away, but I was uh totally okay with the risk and uh I simply took the trade and went straight to stop loss. My stop loss was at an area, if it got hit, I would have been entirely wrong, and that's exactly what happened. Price hit
[00:13:36] my stop loss, came back to retest the area below, and then just [music] kept heading to the downside. Obviously, now you fast forward a bit more time and it did have a push to the upside, but it is what it is. It's just a loss. The next trade is a GBP/CAD, where we lost $195. So, again, I have a winning streak, but I am taking losses. It [music] is part of the process. You could be in a winning streak and taking losses as long as your wins outweigh your losses.
[00:14:03] GBP/CAD, I literally had a perfect setup present itself because this was a beautiful weekly area of interest, as you can tell here. The weekly time frame was bearish, lower high, lower low. We're coming back to retest this area of interest right here, support, [music] support, support. At the time of me looking at this position, this is what This is literally what I'm seeing right here. I'm seeing [music] a beautiful weekly break and retest, rejecting the
[00:14:28] EMA, rejecting previous structure. [music] Daily time frame is showing massive accumulation at this area. Whenever we're above, we head up. Whenever we're below, we head [music] down. We're below the EMA. 4-hour time frame is giving me a clean head and shoulders. You guys know that's one of my favorite patterns. [music] And I simply place my stop loss above the area where if it gets hit, it should
[00:14:51] break above it. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; And once it breaks above it, it should continue going in this direction. I like placing my stop losses at an area where if it gets hit, I'm entirely wrong. I'm not trying to have the tightest stop loss. I'm trying to have a stop loss put at an area where it's very difficult for the market to hit it if I'm right about the trade. So, I enter my position.
[00:15:10] As soon as I enter it, pretty much just goes straight into stop loss and does exactly as I said, goes above the area, retests it, and then it [music] just continues heading to the upside. So, these are the type of losses that I don't mind to take at all because I'm entirely wrong about the direction and that is totally fine. And then last but not least, we have EUR AUD, which is my bigger trade, which I should have actually taken a much larger take profit
[00:15:34] on this because I was entirely right about this trade for a very long time and I could have maximized so much This This could have literally been my biggest trade that I've ever taken, but I simply didn't. So, this is EUR AUD here. This is where I entered the position. Very clean trade. At the time of me taking this trade, the daily time frame was bullish. So, this market had created a clean high. So,
[00:16:00] whenever you see a market like this, right? Let me Let me give you guys an example of what I did here, all right? Whenever you see a market do something like this, all right? Give clean bearish structure to the downside and then we have a massive shift like this, what I anticipate is for the market to have a retracement to then continue heading to the upside. So, I saw an opportunity in taking a trade in this countertrend pullback right here. So, if you notice,
[00:16:22] that's exactly what happened here. This is the bearish market. Lower highs and lower lows, all right? We just slightly adjust this right here. Very clean structure. It's literally all the same thing. And we have the big push up. So, after the big push up, we approach this resistance. After it's approaching this resistance, it accumulates for about 5 days. Lots of rejections, rejections from the EMA, and then that's when I go
[00:16:47] down to the lower time frame. I'm like, "Okay, if the lower time frame shows me that it's going to start shifting because obviously the 4-hour time frame has a lot of structure in here. And if the 4-hour time frame starts shifting, that's going to be my indication that this is going to head to the downside." That's where I go down to the 4-hour. And at that high, at this resistance, the 4-hour creates a beautiful head and shoulders time frame head and shoulders
[00:17:11] pattern. Left head, right shoulder, broke and retested that neckline. Beautiful counter trend trade. And I ended up closing here at a 1:2. If I would have continued to hold this position all the way down here, I would have gotten nearly a 1:6. Would have been a million dollar trade. But, guess what? I don't dwell on it. I don't let this trade affect my next trade. I stuck to my plan. I was okay with having a 1:2 risk to reward, and I
[00:17:40] didn't let that affect my next trade. I mean, you know what? I missed out on an extra 3% on this trade. The next one, I'm going to maximize it to a 1:5. Again, the next trade has no association to the last trade. The last trade could hit your 1:2 to the dot and then reverse all the way back to stop loss. You can't have this generic I'm sorry, you can't have this biased approach based off of what happened on your last trade to what you're going to do in your next trade.
[00:18:07] My plan is always the same. Get out at a 1:2. If you're at a 1:2 and it makes sense to continue to hold, you do that then. At the time of me entering this trade, it made no sense to continue to hold [music] because again, this was supposed to have a reaction from this area. I saw this as the area of [music] interest where the market could have a push and head to the upside. I saw this as the area where the market could have its shift, right? It
[00:18:27] could have its support here and then head to the upside. It simply [music] didn't do that and it just continued heading to the downside. Obviously, we can't predict the future. If not, I would be a gazillionaire. But, this market simply decided [music] to continue to have the push to the downside. And at least I was right about this part of the move. So, have you noticed there's a consistent approach when it comes to my stop losses, a
[00:18:49] consistent approach when it comes to my take profit, there's a consistent approach when it comes to the actual trade management because I am sticking to my plan and I am closing at my 1:2 risk to reward. I am not letting the last trade affect the next trade. It's all sticking to the plan. And most importantly, quality over quantity. It's been 3 weeks and I've taken four trades. Quality over quantity. And a lot of people don't really understand what to
[00:19:16] do when they win a trade. Some people almost question themselves, what now? And I'm like, well, just keep doing what you were doing. The whole reason as to why you're trading with a strategy, as to why you're doing top-down analysis, as to why you're even involved in the markets, it's to make [music] money. So, when you make money, you can't be surprised. And when you lose, you can't be surprised either. That's the whole reason why you
[00:19:38] place a stop loss and why you pre-calculate your risk. So, nothing [music] is random. Everything is pre-calculated. The problem is that people get lost in the process and they try and extract money from the markets. And the money will follow if you have a proper plan. So, if you lose money, you can't be surprised because you pre-calculated your risk. And if you win money, you can't be surprised because that's the whole reason why you took the
[00:20:01] trade in the first place. That's why you're here doing the analysis. And some people forget this in their journey of being a trader. That's why every single week when I host a call with my students where I share with them the top markets that I am interested in. Not only do I give them the top markets that I'm trading for the week, why I'm interested in trading, why we should avoid other markets, I refresh their mind as to why they need to stick to quality over
[00:20:23] quantity and why it's okay to lose. [music] And we review their trades to make sure that they're doing the right thing from the wrong thing. You're part of a community where you are engaging with other traders having the same direction and the same goals as you. So, it's a lot easier for students to succeed when they have this type of guidance every single week. So, if you guys want to become a student and want to know more
[00:20:44] about it, hit the link in the description down below. And hopefully we can take this winning streak that you guys [music] have seen here today to 10 weeks, 20 weeks, 25 weeks and break my personal record of 14 weeks. It's the longest I've ever had it. I think the closest I got was about 8 weeks and I lost it. So, hopefully we can break that this [music] year. And I hope you guys enjoyed this video. And let's see what the next couple of weeks have for store
[00:21:05] for us. If you guys like this video, hit that like and subscribe button. I'll see you guys in the next one.
