[00:00:05] [music] &gt;&gt; 2026 has been wild. I've lost a lot. I've made a lot. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; And I've learned a lot. Let's get right into it, so you know what I'm talking [music] about. 2026 has been a crazy year. And give me 20 to 30 minutes, and I'm going to change your trading entirely with just this video alone.
[00:01:08] About 12 months ago, I had one of the scariest moments in my professional career happen to me when I crashed this car. I crashed a $5 million hypercar at 3:00 in the morning. Extremely scary moment. Not only being in the accident, but knowing all the repercussions that would happen after that. Am I going to lose my dream car that I worked so hard for? Am I going to lose the $5 million that I paid? Did I hurt somebody? Am I going to get sued?
[00:01:35] Can I even fix the car? There were so many things happening at that very moment that felt like there was never going to be a solution. I felt like I had my life ended at that point. And you fast forward 12 months, and I've managed to turn the biggest negative that happened at that very moment into a massive positive, While having billion-dollar companies go against us and not believing us, while having the brand not support us and us finding
[00:02:02] solutions to it, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; it's because we're resilient. We're not going to let a negative take us down. We will flip that turn that into a positive. We turn a scary scenario into the best outcome possible. And that's what trading is right now in 2026. I get it at first glance, as soon as you get started, you might be confused. Why don't I get this? Why am I losing? I might feel scary. And then you fast
[00:02:24] forward 2-3 months in your journey and things start to make sense and you turn a negative into a positive if you know what you're doing. But a lot of people don't know what they're doing. Like how I didn't know what I was doing when I was building this car. So I partnered up with the right person, Matt Armstrong, and he's been an amazing person to build this car and has made this journey seamless. Trading is no different. If you start off in the wrong foot, it can
[00:02:47] be very difficult for you to actually have success and see [music] some type of results in it. So this video is that change in your journey. Give me 20 to 30 minutes and everything is going to change for you. So let's get right into it. So the start of 2026 was already random. Presidents getting abducted. Who knew that that was going to happen, right? And lucky enough for me or unlucky enough for me, I was stuck in an island. I was stuck in Saint Bart's for
[00:03:13] the entirety of the beginning of the year where there was a no-fly zone restriction, so I wasn't able to leave the island back to the states and I was having to be stuck there. Not a bad place to be stuck. But that just shows the volatility on how 2026 was going to go. Trump is not effing around. He's going to be very aggressive as to what he's going to do in his term and that directly affects [music] the markets. Now, many traders that have never traded
[00:03:37] in these type of markets before don't know how to adapt to it, especially if they're coming from least volatile markets. When I got involved in trading in [music] 2019, I I already trading in these aggressive markets, traded in the Biden markets where things were very predictable because not much was going on fundamentally, [music] and now they became very volatile again. Now, this volatility is good if you understand [music] what you're doing.
[00:04:01] And for me personally, I've been a successful trader for about 5 years. I've been trading for about 7 years. And even me knowing what I'm doing, I entered a massive losing streak at the beginning of the year. My first 2 months of 2026 were losing trade after trade after trade. Now, that's already as embarrassing as it is because I'm putting all this out there. I'm putting out there that I'm a
[00:04:28] successful trader, but I'm losing in front of everybody every single week, every single time I click the buy or the sell button. And that's fine. I'm not going to let a losing streak change my strategy, not going to let it change my mindset, not going to let it change my plan. If my plan has been working for the last 5 years successfully, this massive shift in the market is happening with reason because there's new volatility coming into the market. So,
[00:04:54] you have to expect for the market to react some type of way. A president has never been abducted before. What do you expect for the market to react normal? No, it's going to have a major reaction, especially when they're so heavily being influenced by the price of oil and by all these different commodities, [music] which is the interest of Trump. So, this losing streak at the beginning of the year was very challenging for me because if it was just a personal losing
[00:05:18] streak and it's not [music] being publicly put out there, it'd be fine. But, the public pressure, the students in my community even having some doubts at the time if their own mentor is losing, how are they going to win? And this just builds character, same exact way how crashing this car and having to face CEOs that aren't supportive of you. This builds resilience because if you're able to push through such a negative moment,
[00:05:44] you will come out on the other side. And what it does is it makes you stick to a plan. If you're going to adjust your strategy just because you're having moves that are happening random in the market, that means you never had a plan in the first place. I know the exact approach that I am looking for when I go to the market, and if I don't get that approach, I will not enter the trade. I'm not going to go look for a new opportunity because the type of
[00:06:09] opportunity that I'm interested in is not presenting itself. That's not how trading works when you're a successful trader. Now, this losing streak lasted about 2 and 1/2 months, and I'm talking about not losing one trade and winning another trade. No, I'm talking about losing trade after trade after trade. I think I lost 12 trades in a row. Now, for someone that doesn't have a proper strategy and someone that doesn't have risk management, this would have
[00:06:31] completely wiped them out entirely. Probably make them even quit or take a break from trading. That's what a lot of traders do when they have a massive losing streak like this. For me, this didn't affect my lifestyle. This didn't affect my mindset. This didn't affect my plan, my account. This didn't affect anything. Sure, I took a little hit on my account, which is very fine, but it didn't change anything with the way how I am personally as a trader. Because
[00:06:54] right after that losing streak, I entered a 3-week winning streak where I made back all those losses and stayed in profit. Think about that for a second. 2 and 1/2 months of losing and 3 weeks makes all that back and more. That is because I have a profitable strategy and I have a profitable plan. Because I stuck to my plan. If I'm looking for a break and retest for an entry on a pro trend continuation trade, if I'm buying at a weekly area of interest and I'm
[00:07:24] waiting for a daily rejection, and if in the last 2 months that has been going to stop loss, I am not going to just change that plan. If for the last 5 years that has been working, I'm going to stick to that. So, even though in those first 2 months of the year, I was looking for those break and retest [music] from the weekly highs, retesting an area of interest with a daily rejection, and it was going straight to stop loss. I said, "Hey, this is fine. This is part of
[00:07:48] trading. This is a losing streak. It is totally normal." I did not avoid that specific pattern because I lost for 2 and 1/2 months. Not at all. If anything, I continuously waited for that pattern because I know based off of probabilities, I'm going to win the next trade. And because I have a positive risk reward, I will be profitable. It's just math. Let's say out of 10 trades, I lose five, that's minus five points, and I win five at a
[00:08:15] 1:2. That's 10. So, I'll make back the five that I lost, and I'll stay with an extra five. That's exactly what I did for the first quarter of the year. Lost for 2 months, 3 weeks made it back because I stuck to the plan. I waited for the exact same pattern time and time again. I did not care if I just lost 12 trades in a row looking for that specific pattern. That was just the probability of that specific setup. I missed out on
[00:08:40] major other opportunities because I was falling asleep in London session, didn't wake up early enough in New York session, and it's fine. That is my personal problem as a human because there is a human input when you trade at scale, and I'm not going to blame that on the strategy or go look for a different opportunity. I'm just going to wait for the opportunity to come to me, and when it presents itself and it makes sense, I take the trade, and I don't
[00:09:05] think about it. When I entered this 3-week winning streak, I didn't look to triple down my risk so I make back those losses plus more in a very aggressive amount of time. Not at all. I know I'm going to enter a winning streak because I'm sticking to my plan. Now, sadly, which not really sadly, just the reality, that winning streak came to an end. I was winning for 3 weeks entirely, entered one position, got wicked out by 40-50 pips, and then it
[00:09:31] went straight to my take profit. How do you think I felt? Nothing. If I managed to lose for 2 and 1/2 months entirely, you think I'm going to let one trade that lost and it took my winning streak completely affect my trading? Not at all. All I simply do is wait for the next opportunity that got me back in that winning streak, which I entered in the losing streak, but just happened to enter me into a winning streak, and wait
[00:09:54] for it again. It is really that simple, and just traders don't have the mindset to fight in that meantime. I get it, it's hard. You have to go to school, you have to go to work, you have your girlfriend, your boyfriend, your mom, your dad, your sister, your siblings, school, boss, whatever the case is. All that you need to leave it at the door. Leave it outside. That cannot come into your space of trading because that has no association
[00:10:20] to what EUR/USD is going to do. Has no association to what gold is going to do. Gold is going to do whatever it's going to do, if your girlfriend loves you, if she hates you, if your dog died, if your dog is with you, if your if this doesn't matter. Whatever's going to be happening from the markets, it's going to be that regardless of what's happening outside. So, you need to trade for what the markets are in front of you, not for what's happening outside of your life.
[00:10:44] And I don't know why it causes a lot of traders curiosity as to how I specifically got out of a losing streak, or how can you avoid a losing streak? There's nothing that you can do right now to avoid a losing streak. There's nothing. [music] There's no tool, there's no course, there's no mentor, there's no strategy, there's no entry signal, there's no pair, there's no market, there's no session. There is nothing that you can
[00:11:04] do to avoid a losing streak, and I'm just going to say that right now. Whoever tells you that they can help you avoid a losing streak is lying to your face. Whenever you go enter a trade in the market, there is a uncertain outcome. If there is a uncertain outcome, there is a gamble associated with that risk that you're taking. If you are risking something with no guarantee, it's technically a gamble. So, that gamble is minimized by the
[00:11:30] amount of probabilities that you have in order to go in one direction or the other. There's no amount of probabilities that you can have for it to be 100% guaranteed going in one direction. Does not matter. And the best analogy that I've always put to an example like this is like let's say right now I am a baseball player. And my job as a baseball player is to swing at the best pitch that I am getting. There's a machine pitching me a ball
[00:11:54] endlessly throughout the day. Does not get tired. I don't have any other teammates. There's no crowd. There's no clock. There's no goal. The only goal is for me to swing at the right pitch. And I have endless amounts of pitches. I am not forced to swing by any means. My job is to stand there at home base and just wait for that perfect ball. Whatever I consider to be the perfect ball for me to take the risk and swing. Now,
[00:12:21] every single ball that is pitched down the line has no association to the last ball. One ball could be a fastball. One ball could be a curveball. One ball could be a knuckleball. There's no pattern as to what the next ball could be. So, if I were to swing at a fastball and miss, does that mean that the next pitch that I'm going to get will be a fastball and I will miss? Probably not.
[00:12:45] Because it might be a fastball again and then if I learn from my mistake as to what I did previously, I can probably hit it. If the next ball comes as a knuckleball and I don't like knuckleballs, I'll wait for the fastball because I made a mistake on the fastball and I learned from that mistake and I know where to implement it. That's exactly what trading is. There's hundreds of opportunities being thrown at you every single day.
[00:13:08] And you are by no means forced to enter one of those positions. Not even one of them. You only enter the position if it makes sense. You should look for a specific approach that comes every single time. Whether that's a fastball, a curveball, whatever it is that you like, whatever your strategy is, whatever you feel okay with risking. Now, if you were to swing and you were to miss, you're not going to just give up and just swing at the next one like a
[00:13:33] maniac because you're mad that you missed at the last one. That's how you lose, that's how you get emotional, and that's how you get kicked out of the game. Now, [snorts] with trading is the exact same thing. You look for a specific entry in the market that makes the most sense to you, and you swing at it, or you take that trade, whenever the opportunity is good. If you were to lose that position, don't go and find a
[00:13:54] different opportunity that makes you believe that the next one won't lose. If you know something works and it's totally fine if you lose, stick to that. That's what I did to get out of my losing streak. I have my specific ball that I like to wait for, and if I miss at it 15, 20 times, it's fine. I know when the perfect one comes and I'll swing at it correctly, I'll get that home run. That's me sticking to my plan and not deviating it just because I feel
[00:14:20] some type of way that I'm not winning in that very moment. Trading is a marathon, not a sprint. Now, I want you to write this down. You don't need to take every single trade setup. You don't need to swing at every ball. Wait for the right one. That's it. That right there, by itself, will make you avoid losses, will make you stick to a specific setup that you like and that it makes sense for you and
[00:14:46] you know that it works, and you will stay consistent to your plan. The plan is by far the most [music] important thing. Now, you not taking every opportunity that the market gives you is already good because you're playing defense with all of the unnecessary trades that you have to take. But, there will be a moment where you have to take a trade and there will be risk involved. [music] Whether you're going to risk a dollar to make two dollars, there's
[00:15:12] always a risk associated to make something. You need to risk something in order to gain something. That's just how life works. That [music] is trading that that principle in trading plus to life as a whole. For example, right now I'm taking a big risk, a very big risk. I'm building right now my trading floor. As you guys know, this trading floor is a massive investment, massive operation, takes away from what I'm currently doing in my personal life, and I'm risking all
[00:15:36] that time that I invest into building this if people don't like it or nobody ends up showing up. I'm taking a big financial risk. I'm already in a way over budget for what I have currently done. I'm already in about $430,000. And it almost feels like I've done nothing. I've only done some concrete slabs, some upgrades in the building within itself. And a couple other miscellaneous stuff. I'm already in $430,000
[00:16:03] besides what I purchased the actual property for. I'm taking a big risk in my business because I'm going to invest into [music] more educators. I'm investing into traders to come into the trading floor and trade. I'm taking a risk with the actual trading itself because I need to back [music] these traders that are going to come to the trading floor, and they need to take trades, and potentially make money. [music] So,
[00:16:28] everything that I'm doing to get to the next level as a a person, [music] as a mentor, as a an entrepreneur has some type of risk. Now, I have thought about [music] this for years, and I have done every precaution that I possibly [music] could have to minimize this risk. I have specifically dedicated a section of my day to this so it doesn't take away from what I'm doing. I've budgeted and have spoken to many different contractors so I can have a very rough idea of what I
[00:16:58] am going to actually invest into this. I have spoke to many different educators and many different mentors that I'm going to have to be part of the trading floor, and kind of have them already set up. And I've already spoken to some successful traders that I've been watching their track records for the last 2 years. So, when they are part of the trading floor, I know that they have experience and that they've done this before. So, I've taken my steps to
[00:17:22] minimize my risk. These are almost like my confluences to enter this type of investment, this type of move. Regardless the fact, there could still be a massive flop. I think about it every single day. Maybe I'm taking a big risk and it just doesn't work. But, I will never be able to live without knowing what would happen if I would have taken that risk. If I would have never taken that risk and made that decision,
[00:17:49] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I would have I would not feel happy with myself because I feel like I'd be letting myself down. I've feel like I've been given this amazing potential and if I don't take that opportunity to take that to the max, I feel like I'm letting myself down in my potential. So, if it flops, it flops. I learn something and then we move on to the next thing. But, I'm calculating that risk even though it's outside of trading, minimizing my
[00:18:12] amounts of exposure so I can be successful and have the best odds of succeeding. Everything in trading will always somehow correlate to real life things. And honestly, scared money makes no money. A lot of people want to have the cool stuff and they want to have the fun and they want to be at the cool places but not risk anything. They want to make the most amount of money without putting anything at risk. And there's actually a lot of people out
[00:18:38] there that envy successful people because they can't accept taking the risk. Some people are just not okay with risking something. Some people are very content with doing a task and making money. It's a transaction and they're very okay with that. But then they'll hate for no reason because whatever they worked for in that transaction, they won't want to risk to make more money. They'd rather risk their time rather than risk their money.
[00:19:05] Scared money makes no money. Look, for For last month I spent 4.8 million dollars last month. Look look look let me just show you guys right here. This is what I spent out of my checking account. This is not a loan. This is not a credit card. 4.8 million dollars is what I spent last month. Now, there's a mix of expenses, investments, residual expenses that I have, but the truth of
[00:19:33] the matter is is that I invested 45% of that. It's sitting in the bank account is going to do nothing. Now, I get it. It's very easy for me to say in a position where I am now. Oh, if I had access to millions of dollars, I would also invest my money how you do. Well, what are you risking in order to make millions of dollars? Are you learning anything new? Are you taking any risk with yourself to
[00:19:59] learn a new skill set to make money? Are you making any investments at all? You're not going to make millions of dollars if you don't make any investments. Money's not going to fall in your lap. The average millionaire has seven sources of income. Can't just rely on one source of income. You need to do something to make more money. And that's the ultimate key to scaling. You need to risk something to make something. It's really that simple. You
[00:20:26] just need to calculate that risk as best as you can. And I get it. A lot of people will probably be like, oh, if I was in your position Alex with millions of dollars, I would also invest into many different things in order to make more money. And I just say, well, why don't you do it now? What are you risking right now? Oh, I don't have any money to risk, so I can't make millions of dollars. People will always find an excuse as to why
[00:20:49] they're not successful. I'm like, well, I didn't make millions of dollars from thin air. I took a risk as well. I risked not seeing my family for 2 and 1/2 years. I risked not going to Christmas events. I missed not going to birthdays. I my two little cousins, I didn't see them get born. There was a lot of things that I took a risk and I missed out on because I
[00:21:11] wanted to be successful. In order for you to get to the next level, you need to put something at risk. I risked my integrity. I I risked my my morals by going up against all odds that my family didn't believe in me. I risked it all to get to the point where I am now and I was not going to stop until I did. Now, some people aren't okay with risking half of that. Well, if you
[00:21:37] aren't okay with risking half of that, then you can expect to have half of what I have. What you're willing to put at risk is what you're going to get in return. And it's not just about money. Money is just a tool that is going to get you more of that. But there's things at the beginning that don't require money that is a risk that will get you to that next point. And some people just aren't willing to do it. And that's totally
[00:21:59] fine. But you can't expect to have the same thing as someone that is willing to risk it all every single time. And some people even forget that I worked at Dunkin' Donuts. Like that was a reality in my life at one point. And I get it. I've been successful for a very long time, so a lot of people just meet this version of me right now. But if we were to go back to 2017, 2018, I would literally be asking you what size coffee do you want and what type of donut would
[00:22:27] you want. I would have the cup ready in my hand so I can serve the coffee. And it almost seems like that was so long ago and it almost seems like that wasn't a real part of my life, but it very much was. And I understand what it takes to get from that point to where it is now. And [music] that's being willing, able to sacrifice things that other people aren't willing to sacrifice.
[00:22:50] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; So if I'm willing to sacrifice things sacrifice, I'm going to have things that [music] other people simply can't have. And what gets me sometimes is that some of you guys it's not even about the money. Some of you guys don't even want to risk your own comfort. Nonetheless, the money. I was 19 years old. Already being $30,000 in debt. I asked
[00:23:09] my parents for money. I asked my aunt for money. I risked my own money to learn trading. You know how uncomfortable those conversations were? Having to ask my parents for an extra $500 for whatever excuse I made at that time, well, I'm putting it into the market, losing it. You know how uncomfortable it was to miss these family events because I didn't want to have to explain to people that yes, I'm still working at Dunkin' Donuts. No, I
[00:23:33] didn't go to college. No, I don't have a degree and I don't have nothing going for me. I'm just trying to figure out how to make money online. You know how uncomfortable it was to bump into my family in places and have to explain that. So, I took every possible risk when I meet some of you guys in person, you guys say, "Hey, yeah, I can't watch your 10-hour tutorial video because I get home tired from work." Well, that is pretty pathetic because if
[00:23:59] you aren't even willing to risk an hour of your time to learn education that can completely change your journey, this just really isn't meant for you. This is a journey that will reward the strong. The weak will not survive. If you aren't ready to put up a fight, it's just better for you to stay where you are. If you're not ready to wake up every single day and fight, just stay where you are. You're going to save yourself money, you're going to
[00:24:27] save yourself time and you won't have to deal with the story that you never made it. And when this individual told me that they couldn't make time to watch a 10-hour YouTube video to learn how to trade completely for free on YouTube, that got to me because I put 20 to 25 hours of my time. I made time to make that video. I put money into my team to edit that video and I just put it out there for you guys. And then someone comes to me and tells me that they don't
[00:24:55] have time to watch it. I just told them, "Hey, it's better if you just don't even ever watch it. It's okay. You're not built for this. There's just other roles for you that will make more sense for you and will fit in better with you. That's why 1% of people will be successful. 99% want it, but they won't do what you need to do in order to get to it. And a lot of this behavior is outside of trading, but I've seen this behavior be
[00:25:21] magnified as soon as these people get involved into trading. I've seen many traders, as soon as they enter a position, self-sabotage. They enter a position and then they automatically start rethinking their decision as to why they even entered that trade. As if they did not do a pre-market analysis, a top-down analysis as to why they should be entering that trade. Soon as they enter the trade, click the buy or sell button, they're second-guessing
[00:25:48] everything that they have just done because the trade doesn't immediately go into the profit where they entered the trade. Now, that ends up sabotaging traders because they might be onto something good. They might have learned a good strategy. They might actually have an edge. But as soon as they enter the position, because they don't have immediate satisfaction, they're not granted with that right that second, they second-guess themselves. And
[00:26:13] they're not patient. The market rewards the patient, the people that end up letting the market play out. Just because you entered a position doesn't mean the market has been waiting for you for you to enter, so it goes directly into that direction. The market moves in waves. There's specific sessions that will be stronger for certain pairs and will be weaker for other pairs. And when you enter a position in or out of those sessions, it significantly affects how
[00:26:37] your trade is going to play out. But some people almost forget that as soon as they enter a position. All they think about at that point is just winning. And they don't take into consideration the actual art of losing. The beauty of trading, and this is why I believe it is the best business model online 2026 and forever, is because you can pre-calculate what you're going to risk in the position. And you can have a never-ending upside
[00:27:05] potential. When you go into a position, you know the most you're going to lose where your stop loss is 100 bucks. You will never lose more than $100. Now, for some reason people enter a trade and they start to second-guess their position and get scared to lose. Why are you scared to lose what you have already pre-calculated that risk? Well, what that leads me to tell is that you were never okay with risking that money in the first place. You never were
[00:27:31] okay with having any risk exposed. You just wanted to make money and not accept the risk. And that's why traders will fail because they get emotionally attached to whatever money they're putting into the account. Any other business model out there, let's say you want to open up a Amazon store, you need to hire employees, you need to invest into a website, you need to find a product, stock up an inventory, invest in ads. Look at all these different five
[00:27:55] steps I just thought of in just 1 second. That is all endless amounts of investment and no guarantee that those products will sell and you'll make that money back. There's no fixed loss. There's continuous loss that can continue to happen. Those products can never sell and you lost that money. And you might never even make any money. With trading, you know exactly how much you're going to lose and you know exactly how much you're
[00:28:18] going to gain. And you're going to get that answer whether it's 30 minutes, an hour, 4 hours, a day, a week, but you are seeing it happen in real time. You don't depend of other people. The market is going to dictate that to you right away. And for some reason, traders reverse the roles right back to them. As soon as they enter the position, they think that they're influencing the market in some type of way, and that's why it should go straight to take
[00:28:41] profit. And if it doesn't, and it goes straight to stop loss, the market did something wrong and not them. And them putting the blame on the market is already the first mistake that they're doing because they're not taking accountability for the type of trade. They have just themselves clicked the buy or the sell button. And that takes me to my next point where trading takes massive amount of commitment. It takes commitment to your word, to yourself, to
[00:29:03] your strategy, to your risk, to your It just takes commitment all around. As soon as you enter a position, you need to commit to the trade. Whether it is a big risk that you have taken or whether it is a small risk that you have taken. Whether you're around break even for 24 hours or whether it is going straight into drawdown from the moment you enter [music] it. You need to commit to that position. Where you place your stop loss, if you have a proper plan, the way
[00:29:28] we do it, I place my stop loss at an area where if it gets hit, I am entirely wrong. If price is halfway through my stop loss, I'm not just going to close the position halfway through a loss so I can say, "Oh, I only took half a loss." That means that I'm completely disregarding my analysis and the whole reason why my stop loss is there. My stop loss is there to stop me out where if it gets hit, I am entirely wrong. People close out at 70% into their stop
[00:29:53] loss because they don't want to lose that extra money. They want to save it. Well, then that means your stop loss is not strategically placed and you just threw it on the chart for whatever reason and you don't want to lose that money that you have already risked. That's a problem and you will never be successful that way. Another problem that people do and they're not having proper commitment is when they enter a position and it start going into profit.
[00:30:13] As soon as the trade starts going into some profit, let's say it goes halfway into the profit, price starts having a small retracement. What do traders do? Automatically panic and close out on the position 50% of their take profit because they were scared that they were going to miss out on profits. That is a mistake as well. You should not be closing your position before it gets to your take profit. You need to have that positive risk to reward to
[00:30:36] make back the the If I were to enter a position, for example, and let's say I were to lose $1. Now, the next position is a winning position. It goes halfway into my take profit, and it looks like it's starting to have a retracement, and I close out at halfway of that trade. Guess what ends up happening? I only make back half of my loss. If I make back half of my loss, I have a negative risk-to-reward
[00:31:01] ratio. My risk-to-reward ratio needs to be greater than what I lose. So, if I risk $1, the minimum I need to gain at all times is $2. So, whenever I take a win, I make back the loss, and I'm in profit. Traders have serious commitments with letting the trade make it to the take profit entirely. And I'm just going to be straight up and blunt right now. If you can't commit to your take profit, you will never be successful. You can be a great trader, you can be a great
[00:31:31] top-down analysis, technical analysis, have the best stop-loss, and if you don't commit to your trade hitting your take profit, you will never make enough to make back for your losses and stay in profit. You will have losses. Losses are unavoidable in the markets. But, if you don't have a positive risk-to-reward, you're never going to make enough to make back for those losses and then give you the profit that you are
[00:31:54] purposely trading the market for. So, the commitment that traders have, the issue that commitment traders have is letting that trade hit their take profit, and them being scared that they're going to leave money on the table or miss out on profits. I can have a trade be 99% from my take profit, and I won't close it out. That is not the purpose of the trade. The purpose of my trade is so it 100%
[00:32:18] hits my take profit. Once price hits the take profit, I will close out my position entirely. I've had positions make it 99% into my take profit and go all the way back down and hit my stop-loss. Now, some people say, "Why don't you just go to break even?" I I go to break even. I don't believe in that. Oh, why do you let a winning position turn into a losing position? I was already okay with risking that amount of
[00:32:41] money in the first place. I've had many positions in the past where they're 99% from my take profit, come back to my entry, take me out of break even when I used to go to break even, and then fly past my take profit to a 1:3, 1:4. Because the problem is I was scared of commitment. I was scared of the risk. Now, that's what traders that go to break even are. They're scared of committing to the trade, and they're scared of the risk that they had in the
[00:33:05] first place. Has nothing to do with turning a winning position into a losing position. That is a stigma, that is a narrative that traders have just created. You need to commit to the position. It either hits your take profit or hits your stop loss. No in between. And talking about losses, I actually love this one. You can still lose a position and still be right. These are the famous wick outs, liquidity grabs, ditties, fake
[00:33:29] outs, market sweeps, liquidation, whatever you want to call it. It's where you end up having your stop loss placed at an area where if it gets hit, you're entirely wrong. And the market has a flash move, gets there really fast, and then goes straight into your take profit. You were right about the direction, but you got liquidated. You got faked out, you got wicked out, whatever you want to call it. That is unavoidable.
[00:33:52] That is part of the game. There is no way that you can avoid one of these situations happening. It is just impossible. These are things that happen in the market, and they're the cost of trading. Best example is you can have a your car just get washed from the car wash, and you could be driving down the road and a bird splats, shits right on your windshield. It's part of having a car. It's part of driving on the road. If you don't want to get on, if you
[00:34:16] don't want to have to clean that up after, don't drive on the road or don't have a car. If you don't want to be exposed to wick outs, if you don't want to be exposed to these fake outs, don't take the trade in the first place. Just don't trade at all. But if you don't trade, then you won't have the benefits of the reward that you can take. It is unavoidable to avoid these wick outs. I have attempted to make my stop loss bigger. I've attempted
[00:34:34] to wait for the wick outs or the fake outs to happen. I've attempted to have a indicator to let me know when it could potentially happen. It is unpredictable. You spend more time focusing on something that can potentially never even happening rather than focusing on what is right in front of you. You can spend more time driving on the road looking up for birds, making sure that none of them are going to on you, rather than just focusing on the road
[00:35:00] that is right in front of you. You focusing on the bird, you can miss your exit, you can take a red light and then hit somebody else. You focusing on these fake outs and these liquidity grabs, you can miss out the opportunity that's right in front of you and take the trade that you shouldn't even be taking in the first place. It is unavoidable and you can still lose a trade that you are correct about. All you have to do is react and adapt and at that point, enter
[00:35:24] a position that would make sense. So, that is unavoidable. And honestly, I wanted to leave my favorite points for last because I think it's something that people overlook and they're almost scared of. And that's letting the market show you its hand first. Imagine if you were to go play cards with someone and you are able to see their cards first before you even place a bet, before you even make a decision, you get to see their cards and
[00:35:54] then you get to see your cards and you get to decide, you know what, I want to play or you know I don't want to play. That would give you a major advantage. That would make your odds of succeeding a lot higher, right? It's almost common sense. Well, it's the exact same thing. For me, what I like to do in the market is I like for the market to give me its hand first. Even if I get a worse entry, even if I get a lower entry, even if I
[00:36:15] have to put a bigger stop loss, even if I have to hold the trade for a little bit longer. I rather let the market show me its hand first. I don't like taking a trade off of loads of anticipation. Taking a trade is already taking a massive anticipation. You're anticipating it's going to go in one direction versus the other. That already within itself is unpredictable. Why would you add more steps to that unpredictability without
[00:36:38] having any confirmation? I like to wait for the market to show me its hand first on the higher time frames. I like to wait for weekly and daily rejections. If I'm going to enter a trade at a daily area of interest, for example, why would I enter the trade on the first hour rejection candlestick that I get? No. I'd rather wait for the market to give me a daily rejection. Confirm to me that you're going to reject this daily area and even have a little bit of a
[00:37:02] push to the upside. Give me the confirmation you're actually going in that direction and all I have to do is hop in that direction. I don't want to predict the perfect bottom or the perfect top. I want the market to give me some indication that is actually going in that direction. I don't want to be the first guy to be at the concert. No, I don't want to be the first guy there. I'd rather see that there's a lot of people going into the concert, that
[00:37:24] it, you know, the artist is actually going to show up. Okay, then I'll go. I might not get the best seats, but at least I'm not taking the extra step where I'm the first guy there and I'm waiting for hours for the artist to show up. I might not get the best entry in the market because I'm waiting for this hand to be shown first, but at least I'm getting a better confirmation and I'm more comfortable with taking that risk. That is has been my biggest edge in the
[00:37:49] market because I am literally entering with what the market is telling me. Now, again, you have to know how to identify that. You have to know on how to properly wait for that and how to properly scale in with that. But, with whatever type of strategy that you have, you know what your entry signal would be, whatever it is. Now, imagine entering an hour after that confirmation has happened. After your entry signal has happened,
[00:38:16] you should have the market go in your direction or go against it. Imagine you can enter the trade an hour after your entry signal. If you were right, you might enter a little bit higher, which you technically miss out on some profits, or two, you might avoid a loss entirely because if the market is going against you, you probably won't enter that trade at all. Or let's say you did, you would have a much better entry. So, letting
[00:38:42] the market play off and letting it have its hand first, letting it do what it's supposed to do, will give you a major advantage. And that is what I have been doing for the last 2 years of my trading career, and that's where I've been able to scale the most. Been able to avoid the most amount of losses, and I've been able to optimize on wins because the market is showing me it's going to be a winning trade. So, I jump right in it. The market is showing
[00:39:05] me it's going to be a losing trade, so I decide to stay away or get a better entry because it's coming back perfectly into where it rejected it, for example. This is a major advantage if you know how to use it correctly. And I hope you guys enjoyed this video. I know it's a very different video than what I normally do. I give you guys some insights on my personal life, on some things that have challenged me and have really built character in my life, have
[00:39:30] taught me a lot, and I've really learned from it. And I really hope you guys can take this information that I have to share it with it and have immense amounts of value. Even if you take one of the lessons that I have just taught in this video, it can completely change everything. There's small quotes in my life that I live by every single day, and I hope to be one of those for you guys in this video. Uh update on the Bugatti. The Bugatti should be done
[00:39:55] hopefully next month, month and a half. We're waiting for the kit to come by. Maybe you guys know who I am because of the Bugatti series you've been following it along. Maybe you have no idea who I am. Well, just a guy on the internet that trades, likes to have fun, and crashed the Bugatti and is fixing it. And hopefully we can fix it, take it up to top speed again, and just continuously have fun. So, hope you guys enjoyed this video. Hope your 2026
[00:40:17] continues to be extremely successful. If you guys enjoyed this video and liked it, make sure to hit it a like, thumbs up. Make sure to subscribe down below. Ladies and gentlemen, I will see you in the next video. Take care, guys, and I'll see you all.
