[00:00:00] There's a specific confirmation that happens in the market right before you're going to enter the perfect trade setup and that's the perfect entry signal. Now, don't worry if you don't understand what that is. I'm going to break down everything in this video on how to identify the perfect confirmation, how to enter it with any strategy, and most importantly, how to make your $500 a day. Now, before we get started into this video, I want to set
[00:00:19] the record straight. [music] Having this confirmation alone and not having a strategy will not lead you to making $500 a day. It's simply [music] impossible. This confirmation that I'm going to educate you in this video, you need to implement into any [music] strategy that you're using at this time. Whether you're swing trader, a scalper, a day trader, my students do this every single [music] week and it works. So, this confirmation is very powerful. Pay
[00:00:40] attention because I'm about to break down live examples in the markets [music] as we speak. So, let's get started with the video. Now, before we dive into the markets and I share with you these live examples, I want to give you some context on what this entire confirmation is built on, what the real backbone of it is. And it simply comes down to entering off of a confirmation, not an anticipation. Now, I want you to listen to that again. You enter a trade
[00:01:05] off of a confirmation, not anticipation. You want the market to show you its hand first. You want the market to show you their cards so you can make a decision whether you want to place a bet against those cards because you know what you have, you know what they have, and at that point does it make sense or not. Why would you want to take a trade anticipating what the market has when you can simply just be patient and wait for them to show you their hand, which
[00:01:34] is basically waiting for the market to give you that confirmation rather than anticipating it. Let me break down exactly what that means. So, the step first is finding the proper confirmation, waiting for the market to show you its hand. So, that is going to consist of two types of candlesticks, either a rejection candlestick or a engulfing candlestick. Now, I'm sure you might have heard these types of candlesticks in the past. This is not a
[00:01:58] new unknown strategy or a new unknown confirmation that I have just discovered in the last 6 months of my trading. No, this is something that has worked statistically over years, but it's how the market gives you this confirmation. So, this right here is our perfect example of our doji rejection candlestick and our bullish engulfing candlestick. For this example, this market is headed to the upside. After having a push to the upside, we've just
[00:02:26] retested and as of right now we are giving us this confirmation. Now, if this candlestick is currently fluctuating and moving up and down and it is yet to be closed, that is the market still anticipating this move. Up until this candlestick closes right at the end, whether it's the 1 minute, the 4 hour, the daily, the weekly, the monthly, the yearly, as soon as that candlestick closes, it is a confirmation. 1 second before it closes,
[00:02:53] it is an entire anticipation. I've seen candlesticks in the last 5 seconds before closing completely change direction. Literally, the candlestick could be like this and the last 5 seconds it somehow does this because it is not a confirmation, the candlestick is yet to close. So, you want to wait for the candlestick to close in order for you to get the confirmation. Now, the two types of confirmation we look for is either a rejection, a doji, or a
[00:03:18] bullish engulfing or a bearish engulfing, obviously if you're selling. But, if you have both of these combined, they would be a lot more powerful. The more dojis that you would have, the more powerful. If you have several dojis like this set in place at a support level and then you get a bullish engulfing candlestick, even [music] better. Sometimes you don't get a doji candlestick and you just have price approach this area, [music]
[00:03:43] give you a small little body and then you have a bullish engulfing candlestick. This also works. It's a confirmation because you have the bullish engulfing candlestick. This [music] candlestick is eating the last candlestick. Even if it could be a something as small as like this. Technically, this candlestick [music] has engulfed the last candlestick to the left. So, we have a confirmation that this candlestick has eaten the
[00:04:06] candlestick to the left. [music] If this candlestick is below, it is not considered an engulfing candlestick. It does not count. You need to wait for the candlestick [music] to body candlestick close above. Obviously, the higher the time frame, the [music] stronger the confirmation. So, when it comes to entering any trades, my first confirmation, despite the type of trade that I'm [music] looking to take, if I don't have either a rejection doji
[00:04:30] candlestick or a bullish engulfing bearish engulfing, I am not going [music] to enter the trade. Now, there's a big difference in between a doji rejection candlestick, [music] which is something like this, where it consists of a very small body, and then a lot a long wick, a long rejection, a long tail, whatever you want to call it. And then a wick fill. You also [music] have a candlestick that could be something like this, where this is technically
[00:04:54] rejecting to the upside, but it can also be seen as a wick fill. Now, this is very powerful if you understand how to use this correctly. So, let me [music] break down what this actually looks like on the lower time frames, quote unquote, and how this can actually be useful for the higher time frames and be considered not a rejection, but a wick fill. So, right now, let's say that this is the daily time frame, for example. This daily time frame is consisted of these
[00:05:18] highs and lows. The 4-hour time frame, let's say that it's moving like this, right? Cuz we know that the 4-hour time frame will have more structure than the daily. It is inevitable. It's just built up of more candlesticks. Now, let's say this candlestick has approached this area like this. So, obviously, the 4-hour candlestick had to go bearish in order for it to have this retracement. Now, when the 4-hour candlestick has gone bearish to have
[00:05:41] this retracement, let me just move this to the right over here so you guys can get more of a clearer visual. When this candlestick has gone bearish to come into this area of interest, this is where the 4-hour within the same day, this is very important you understand that, within the same day, it then shifts to bullish. And after it shifts to bullish, it decides to have a bit of a retest. &gt;&gt; [music]
[00:06:06] &gt;&gt; So, this went bearish to have the retracement for the daily time frame. Now, it has approached the area. Within the same day, it went bearish, and then it shifted to bullish. That's why this candlestick at one point was like this. It was all the way up because it shifted bullish, but within that same day, it came back down. Now, it could be seen as a rejection if you only look at the daily. But, if you were to
[00:06:32] cross-reference that with the 4-hour, you would see that the 4-hour is actually just giving you the perfect higher low. &gt;&gt; [snorts] &gt;&gt; Now, that perfect higher low is where you can then anticipate that wick fill, where then you will get that daily daily bullish engulfing candlestick. So, sometimes this candlestick rejection is seen as a rejection when it's really not. It's actually setting up the
[00:06:52] perfect entry for the trade to give you this bullish engulfing candlestick. Many times when the candle when the wick is to the downside like this, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; it's because the 4-hour just simply went all the way to the downside for something like this, and then it had a retracement to the upside right before. So, once again, this candlestick at one point was fully red to the downside, but then it came back up, and it clearly
[00:07:11] rejected it. Where it becomes very powerful is where then the 4-hour within the same [music] day shifts structure bullish to the upside, and now you have a very strong bullish candlestick [music] that is closing with a bullish body with a very strong rejection to the downside. The day after that, it is pretty much almost 70% chance [music] that you will have a bullish push to the upside. So, this combination of the daily rejection or not really the daily
[00:07:36] specifically, but this combination of these two candlestick patterns together has been what has led me to have many avoided losses, many avoided liquidity grabs or wick outs, and really enter a trade and go straight into profit. Just because I'm patient for this. Now, this is the difficult part that people don't really want to hear. You need to wait for these candlesticks to close. Now, let me get into the second point before I get too ahead of myself. And let me
[00:08:02] break down exactly how you can spot these correctly and enter them and optimize it in the right way. Now, for this next step, I really want to break down exactly where you should spot these confirmations from. Because if I were just to go over to this chart right here, right off the bat, I can just spot many different types of rejection candlesticks, many different types of dojis, many bullish engulfing, many bullish engulfings, many bearish
[00:08:24] rejection engulfings. These things are all over the chart. So, you will find these bullish engulfing candlesticks, you will find these rejection candlesticks, you will find these wick fills, you will find this anywhere you go in the chart. This is where people get confused because they don't know where to properly find it and where to properly implement it. That's what I want to break down right now. Because this bullish engulfing and then this
[00:08:48] rejection candlestick is completely useless [music] if you just try and take every single one that you see in the chart. Because sometimes they're just happening, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; but they're not happening in your direction or your favor. So, the best way to spot these rejection candlesticks is [music] at a supply and demand zone, at a support and resistance, at an order block. It's all
[00:09:06] the same thing. Simply, [music] support and resistance. You want to have your bullish rejection candlestick and then your bullish engulfing candlestick at a support level. If it's not at a support level, you don't enter the trade and it is simply not applicable. If you want to enter your trade to the downside, you need to apply your bearish rejection candlestick, and you need to apply your bearish engulfing candlestick once you're at a resistance level.
[00:09:30] &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; If you're not a resistance level, this simply does not apply. It really is that simple. So, let's say this market for this region right here. Just kind of get this right here. Move a little bit over to this side. So, let's say this market for example is headed to the downside like this. And right now we have just approached this very strong resistance level. If at this resistance level I am
[00:09:52] getting my rejection [music] candlestick, that's my first indication. And if I then get my bearish engulfing, that's my second confirmation. You can enter off of just the rejection confirmation, but it really comes down to the type of strategy that you're trading, how strong this resistance is, what time frame are we in, how many days are left in the week, what type of risk to reward do I have, what other confluences do I have? There's so many
[00:10:17] other questions that you need to ask yourself before you decide to just enter off of the rejection or just off of the engulfing. And this is many things that &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; I like to call them the extra extra extra confirmations because you're just going the extra mile to have the perfect trade setup. Now, there's many times where I have gone this extra mile and I've missed out on these trading opportunities because I'm trying to be
[00:10:39] way too specific and find a very specific setup. Where sometimes it goes in my favor and I avoid a loss, but there's also many times where I miss out on these winning setups. And that's totally fine because I accept that risk. Now, if you want to understand how to find this proper supply and demand zone of the support and resistance, this is a whole other topic within itself. There's many different points on how to do it. Want to learn how to do it, we have many
[00:11:00] videos in this channel, so just go check out our channel, search up support and resistance here of interest, and we break that down perfectly. But back to the confirmation. Entering just off of the doji rejection is enough as long as you understand the type of trade that you're taking and if you're okay with that risk. Maybe you want to wait for an extra confirmation and wait for this engulfing candlestick and you might miss out on a trade. Maybe sometimes after
[00:11:22] this engulfing candlestick the trade still might not be enough because you wanted this to happen on a higher time frame. This is where you can get as creative as you'd like, but it really comes down to on how well you understand your trading, how well you understand your strategy, and most importantly, what you're comfortable with. Because if you're not comfortable at the end of the day with risking a certain amount of money, it's okay. You simply move on to
[00:11:42] the next trade. You just can't get emotional with the trade if you end up missing out on the trade, or even if you avoided the loss, because you might feel like the king of the hill. It's part of the process. Just make sure you look for only these two types of confirmations. Not just enter any confirmation in the middle of the chart. You want to make sure it's happening at very key and specific zones. Now, moving on to the third subject, which is something that
[00:12:06] is pretty overlooked by a lot of traders, and that is that these confirmations are used to go in the trend of the trade that you're taking. Now, listen to what I said. These confirmations are to go with your strategy, whatever type of strategy you use, but they're pro-trend trade confirmations. [music] So, if you once again are at a resistance level when you get these rejections, this is to go in that
[00:12:29] [music] trend. If you're bullish, and you get these rejections from a support level, it's to go with that trend. Now, there's many people that, let's say for example, after having this trade like this, they would have, for whatever reason that the market decides to do this, a bearish engulfing candlestick. Now, they all they think about is a selective memory of what they saw on one of my YouTube videos. Then I go, "Alex said
[00:12:51] bearish engulfing, I enter in that direction." Now, if you have a bearish engulfing candlestick form after a perfect rejection candlestick and a bullish engulfing candlestick, doesn't mean that you just enter this new direction into the market, because you'd be completely disrupting this bullish market being bullish from this higher low and this higher high. You enter this confirmation in the direction that the market is having. If
[00:13:16] you then, for whatever reason, have a bearish engulfing candlestick after that, you simply don't just change your direction or change your bias overnight. Because a lot of people what they decide to do is okay, today I'm going to look [snorts] for the market. I'm going to look for reasons to buy. Or today I'm going to wake up and look for reasons to sell. The direction of the market doesn't change every day. Obviously, if you're
[00:13:37] trading on the lower time frames, that's very probable of happening. But if you're trading more of an intraday and more of a swing trade, you pretty much have the same direction for the entire month almost. So, if for whatever reason you have a bearish engulfing candlestick, you simply don't enter the trade impulsively in that direction. You just simply move on to another trade setup. [music] Is there a possibility that this trade from
[00:13:59] here can retest and then go to the downside? Of course. But now you would only be entering a trade off of just a candlestick and not a strategy. And that's not a strategy. That's just gambling at that point. So, you want to make sure that you're very patient with [music] these confirmations and don't switch it if it just simply doesn't go in your direction. For whatever reason this might have needed to come back into here to reject one more time and then
[00:14:21] after it has the push to the upside. This has happened many times in my trading career and it's just part of the process. But what I do is I stay true to my plan and I stay true to my confirmations. If I'm looking for buys at a support, if I get a rejection to the downside, I'm not going to just change my bias overnight. And this brings me perfectly to my next point, which is going to be when you get these confirmations. Now, what do you do? Now,
[00:14:43] a lot of people what they end up doing is they see this confirmation happen first thing on Monday morning and they decide to enter the trade right away. Some people even see this in the last 3 hours before market close and they enter the trade right away. Now, this is extremely incorrect. You need to understand when is the right time to enter a trade with this confirmation. There's specific sessions, there's specific days that this actually is more
[00:15:06] probable of having an impact. Right? So, obviously, these are the main sessions that you want to be interested in trading. So, everything that is in the darker color in orange is going to be where there's the most amount of volume. Everything that has the lighter color has less volume. So, anything really within this zone right here, you don't really want to be entering a trade. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; Anything within here, you don't really
[00:15:31] want to be entering a trade. And really anything in here, you don't want to be entering a trade. You don't really want to enter a trade if you're just going to have volume for about an hour because then after that you're pretty much stuck for the next 9 hours with no volume, which simply just makes no sense. So, you need to take this into consideration of when you're having your confirmation, does it make sense for you to enter [music] at that
[00:15:54] very point? Or should you wake a couple Should you wait a couple of more hours and then see how the market reacts after that confirmation right before you're about to enter session. Now, can that either [music] have your trade go a little bit more into profit where you could have maybe had a worse entry than after that. Or maybe you save yourself some points and then you got a better entry right before we enter the session. This is obviously
[00:16:15] going to be statistically proven over [snorts] many trades that you decide to take. [music] So, this is what I like to do personally. If I get my perfect confirmation for whatever reason, if I get it right before Sydney session, I will not enter that trade until right before London session, into something like this. I don't care if for whatever reason the market has had a little bit of a push to
[00:16:39] the upside, that is simply not my trade at that very moment. I want to wait for the market to have its hand first. Again, I want for the market to show me how it's going to react to that confirmation. And if I can have it essentially for free for 8 hours, that's fine. Now, I've had many [music] times where I missed out on the trade and by the time London session comes, the trade is completely uh gone from the direction, gone from the area
[00:17:01] where I was interested in taking. Totally fine. But this a lot of times your price goes a little bit further down to where my stop loss would have been and one I end up avoiding the loss completely, or I get a better entry which I get a better risk to reward, I get more stop loss, more breathing room, and a bigger risk to reward by just simply waiting for the session. Now, that's only for the actual times. Now, when it comes to the days that I'm
[00:17:24] interested in entering the trade based off of this confirmation, it's really only going to come down to Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. [music] Anything after Wednesday to me personally, depending on the type of trade that I'm taking, simply won't have enough time for the trade to get to the take profit. I have an average of about 80 to 90 to even 100 pips at a time of a take profit. And if you take a trade on Thursday New York
[00:17:49] session, you really only have about 5 hours of New York, and then you have the last London session, and the last New [music] York session. You really only have like about 14 15 hours of decent volume that will go down. And for me personally, it's not enough time for it to get to the take profit. So, even if I have that confirmation on Thursday or on Friday, it's just part of my rules that I won't [music] enter the trade. Sometimes I break the rules
[00:18:16] depending if my take profit is shorter, if I have a very strong confirmation, if there's a lot of momentum. There's a lot of things that vary into that. But, the rule of thumb is enter this confirmation within the session [music] Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. If you get the confirmation before the session, you simply wait. That's the black and white rule. You need to wait for the trade to enter the session, then you enter the trade. You might have a worse entry,
[00:18:41] [music] but you have a stronger confirmation. You might get a better entry, and might still take the loss. You might get a better entry, and then better risk reward, better stop loss. The way that I look at it is that there's no negative. If you get a later entry, &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; but it's confirming that it's going in that direction, it's better in your case because you're actually right about the
[00:18:59] trade. If the trade comes down a little bit, and you still take the loss, well, at least you still took a smaller loss if you left the same [music] stop loss, or you were going to take the loss anyways if you would have taken it at the confirmation. And if you are patient and it comes back down a little bit and then hits your take profit, you had a better entry, you got better risk to reward, better better everything. So, [music]
[00:19:21] regardless of the outcome, it's still good. Doesn't matter. Worst case scenario, you got a little bit of a worse entry, but you're right about the direction, so it's fine. So, this is very important and it just simply requires patience. And all of these confirmations are so heavily overlooked by traders all around the world. Doesn't matter if you're a beginner, doesn't matter if you're an intermediate scalper, day trader, swing trader, you
[00:19:41] need a strict rules when it comes to a confirmation of entering the trade. I can have the perfect trade setup. I can have all of my confluences line up. I can have everything be perfect on Tuesday right at London session. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; And if I don't have my entry confirmation, I will not enter the trade. It is that simple. Everything needs to line up perfectly. Think about it as an engine of a vehicle. If one
[00:20:05] component of the engine is not working properly, the car will have a misfire. If one component of the strategy is not working properly, you're going to have negative results or unprofitability. Everything needs to be extremely tight and most importantly, work together. So, to summarize, the entry confirmation has to be confirmed once you have the candlestick closure. Let the market show you its hand first. Don't anticipate a confirmation. We wait for it to close,
[00:20:33] then we make our decision. Next, you want to make sure that you have a doji with a rejection or a bullish engulfing. The more rejections and one strong engulfing, obviously, the more powerful it's going to be. Then after that, you're going to make sure that you're going to enter this at a strong support and resistance, supply and demand zone, order block, whatever you want to call it, because you don't want to enter it just in the middle of the chart. And
[00:20:55] make sure that it's actually happening in the proper time. Because if it's not the right time, it's not the right time to enter the trade. And this is something that I break down literally every single week with my students. I give them my top markets that I'm interested in trading for the week. So, every single Sunday we do something called Sunday Swings where I break down the markets that I am trading for that very week,
[00:21:15] where I'm looking to have the specific entry, where is the specific area that I'm looking to enter, and the specific day where I believe it's going to happen. And we have a community where every single day we're updating the trades we're looking at, other members are engaging back and forth, and we break down our specific trades that we're looking to trade every single week. And most importantly, I review your trades to see what mistakes you're
[00:21:36] making. So, if you want to know more about it, click the link down in the description down below so you can know more about the Swing Trading Lab community and how we're doing things like this every single week. I hope you guys found this video useful. Want to check out any of our other videos when it comes to strategy, when it comes to support and resistance, trend, whatever the case is, this channel is full of videos. So, make
[00:21:54] sure you guys go and check it out. Hit that like and subscribe button. And with that being said, ladies and gentlemen, hope you guys enjoyed this video, and I'll see you guys in the next one.
