[00:00:00] So, let's get right into it. So, GBPCHF, I actually ended up taking the same position two different times. This first position here, I actually ended up getting closed out at break even when price came back. As you guys can see on this screenshot right here, it's the first GBPCHF trades where I basically made $10,000. Yes, $10,000 in profit is my break even because of the fees that I have to pay. And then after the trade came back and took me out of break even,
[00:00:22] I then took basically the exact same trade once again where I did end up closing this one for the $415,000 in profit. But I made this analysis based off of the weekly time frame because when this market had hit the bottom of this low, all I simply did was look left. I'm like, okay, what is the market doing every single time it hits this low? Let me see as far back as I possibly can. And I can see that the market has never made it this low
[00:00:50] before. It has never broken below this low from September 2022. Every single time we hit this low, we have a major reaction to the upside. Every single time we hit this low, we have a reaction. Every single time we hit this low, reaction, low, reaction, and we're at the low again, what can we anticipate? A simple reaction. It is just logic. This is just basic analysis. Every single time we hit the lowest point in the market, we're destined to
[00:01:19] bounce back. So then here I go down to the daily time frame and on the daily time frame I start seeing reversal patterns. This right here is a beautiful morning star formation with a bullish daily pin bar. So I get it. We are taking a high-risk trade because the weekly time frame is bearish, the daily time frame is bearish and then the 4our time frame is bearish. If all the trends are indicating to go down, you should logically look to go down. But if we're
[00:01:47] at the lowest point you ever been, you can't sell to the bottom. You're basically already at the lowest point. It's not a logical trade. You expect from the lowest point for it to have a bounce. It's almost like if you wanted to jump into a pool with no water, you're not going to go anywhere. We're just going to hit the floor. It doesn't make sense to jump into the pool. Does not make sense to sell if we're at the lowest point. the market is destined to
[00:02:11] have a retracement to then maybe break through back to this area. So after seeing a beautiful morning star formation, I then go down to the 4hour time frame and on the 4 hour I see that the market has then had a potential higher low being created. This is basically the only strong level of support or resistance that we have on the lower time frame. So, it's not a very strong level of support and resistance because one, it's on the 4
[00:02:34] hour and it doesn't really have a lot of rejections unless I go really, really, really far back left. And we can tell that the market has done this in the past. Whenever we have hit a low, the market has broken above this area, retested, and then head to the upside. I am no rocket scientist. I am no genius. All I simply did is repeat the exact same pattern, the exact same line when we did this back in 2022. All the market did was break and retest. And here we're
[00:03:03] doing the exact same thing. Another break and retest. It's literally doing the exact same pattern as it did in 2022. I'm not even applying my strategy at this point. All I'm doing is just making the trade make sense. Does it make more sense to buy or does it make more sense to sell based off of what the market is showing? Now that the market is showing me that it makes more sense to buy. Now is when I start implementing my strategy, especially since it's a
[00:03:30] counter trend trade, I want to have as many confluences in my favor as I can. One of the confluences in my strategy is this morning star formation right here as a continuation pattern from where we are. And if I just look all the way to the left back when we had created this same exact pattern right here, I can tell that the market what it did is it broke above this area and it created the exact same morning star formation after break and retesting this line of
[00:03:56] 1.07182. So if I just go back to current price where we are right now, we can see that we have broken above 1.07182 with the exact same information. So now I understand that this is literally creating the exact same pattern. Then here I go down to the 1 hour time frame. On the 1 hour time frame I can tell that we are currently bullish. So part of my strategy is that I need at least two time frames in sync in order for us to enter a trade. And
[00:04:25] here we happen to have the 1 hour is bullish. This is the higher low. This is the higher high. We have a retracement to this very well respected 1 hour 4hour area of interest. Very clean level of support on above. very clean level of resistance went below and then here we get a confirmation that we have reacted from this area. Then I go down to the 30 minute time frame and on the 30-inut time frame you can tell that we have created a very strong double bottom. We
[00:04:50] have rejected this area of interest broken above the high and then on these retracements I entered at the dogee here anticipating exactly what has happened which is another morning star formation. Now what happened with this first position is that I believed that this trade well first of all I actually had my takeprofit be a 1 to2. So my take profit was around here but then I believed that this market was going to continue heading to the upside. We had
[00:05:17] broken above this structure point. I anticipated a retest and then I was anticipating for this to continue to this next structure point. So what did I do? All I did was put my stop loss to break even and I continued to set and forget this position. My slogan is set and forget. Hold the trade until it hits the highest point or lowest point that it possibly can because if it broke through this high, it should retest it how it did and then it should have a
[00:05:43] continuation push to here. So up around this area, I was probably floating in profit 380 to $420,000. And this had a very clean opportunity to make it up to a 1 to4 risk-to-reward, which would have made me 8 to $900,000 without me having to add any extra risk. A lot of traders think that in order for you to make more money in the markets, you need to add more trades and risk more money. That's not entirely
[00:06:09] the case. I would have made double the amount of profit that I was going to make by simply doing nothing. Just letting the trade continue moving how it's supposed to be moving. And I'm all for that. Making more profits without adding any more risk. And this gave me all the indications that I would need in order for me to let a position run like this. Obviously came back, took me out of break even. I did not get mad. I did not get emotional. It was a decision at
[00:06:37] the moment that made sense. I was making more money without risking more money. It didn't cost me anything. So I said, "Let's hold it." Price came back, took us out of break even. I said, "Okay, you know what? If I get another morning star formation exactly how we did before, I'm simply going to enter the exact same trade. That's exactly what it did. Market here gave me another morning star formation. If anything, confirming that now we're going to continue heading to
[00:07:01] the upside because on the daily time frame at that moment, we had had a ginormous bullish candlestick create a beautiful wick fill. So, I anticipated the next daily candlestick to be a retracement for the next the next daily candlestick to be the continuation. So on the 4hour time frame, I see the morning star formation that I anticipated to the lower time frame for me to get a beautiful retracement and a retest of the previous structure point.
[00:07:26] So then here is where I can see that this market was going bearish. Lower low, lower high, lower low, lower high, lower low. We shifted bullish, retested this structure point right here. Very minor area of interest. And then we have our EMA along with our tweezer bottoms. Beautiful entry signal. And then we had a beautiful 1 to2 risk-to-reward. If you notice, it is the exact same trade that I had just taken. But there is one difference in between this position and
[00:07:54] this position and that is that this position I wanted to continue to hold but I did not because we were approaching the weekend. And I tend to not like to hold trades over the weekend unless I'm very very very very much in profit and very far from my entry point. I saw my entry point here very close. So, I decided to close this trade at around $415,000 in profit, which is where I could have closed this exact same
[00:08:20] position at. And I could have re-entered it and I would have made a total of $800,000 by taking the exact same trade two times. I'm not doing anything different other than just taking the exact same trade. And the crazy part of it is that my original takerit for this high right here, it actually did get hit. But if I would have continued to hold this position throughout the weekend, the market would have came back, took me at a break even on the
[00:08:45] exact same trade for a second time and then it would have actually gone straight to my takerit. So I am very glad that I stuck to my plan and that I closed the position on Friday before the market closed. And then the following week, I was looking for entries around this area here. Didn't manage to get the ones that I exactly wanted. So I did miss overall the trade that I wanted to take. But the beauty of it is that I analyzed the market to perfection. I
[00:09:10] anticipated this whole entire weekly reaction based off of simply just looking to the left and identifying a very strong level of support and resistance. And whenever the market approaches it, it is very well respected. Whenever we're above it, we head up. All we got to do is look for reasons on why it's going to head up. So, in this market, not only did I once get taken out of break even and missed out on $400,000, but then I again missed
[00:09:35] out on an extra $400,000 by not holding or finding an opportunity to enter even though I was right about the direction. Does it suck being right about a trade and not being able to capitalize off of that opportunity? Yes. You know what else sucks is not taking a trade that follows your trading plan and then you make a mistake and then you lose money. I don't mind missing out on a profitable trade or making money on an opportunity that did not meet my trading plan. But I
[00:10:02] do mind breaking my trading plan and losing. If I do not break my trading plan and I lose, I'm okay with that. But if I break it and I lose, I'm responsible. And I want to explain to you why this is a very high risk trade. So we understand that all of the markets in order for us to enter it, we have to identify if it's going up or if the market is going down. We understand that in order for the market to go up, we need a retracement for it to continue to
[00:10:28] go up. And we understand for a market to go down, we need a retracement for it to continue to go down. So, the way I saw this market is that we're at a very strong low, if not one of the lowest lows we've ever been. As you can tell by looking to the left, I anticipate that we should continue to follow the trend. We should continue to head down, but we can't do that without a retracement. So I anticipated for this market to create this retracement somewhere up into here
[00:10:55] and then it can potentially continue going to the downside. So I yes indeed did take a high-risisk trade because I was trading this retracement. I was trading the pullback for the lower high to then create the new lower low. This is considered a high-risisk trade because I'm trading against the trend. I'm not trading with the trend. Trading with the trend would be looking for opportunities to sell. would be waiting for that retracement to then enter the
[00:11:19] market to the downside. Buying is basically like if I was catching a falling knife, but if you see that the knife is right at the floor, I think it's good to catch. And that's exactly what we did in this trade here. And I don't recommend for you to catch falling knives. I don't recommend for you to pick the bottoms of the markets how I did in this case here. This is something that I did because it had many, many, many reasons for this trade to go to the
[00:11:42] upside. This is purely based off of a almost once-in-a-lifetime opportunity because we're approaching the lowest point that we have ever been at. If the market was in the middle of a move like this and it was at a low point, I would not be taking this trade. But since we have been at the lowest point the market has literally ever been, as you can see here, it just simply makes sense. But in theory, you should never ever take these type of trades. They're very high risk.
[00:12:10] I took it breaking my trading plan slightly, but aside from that, everything else made sense. This is the type of trade that you only take on an account that you don't want to risk the money you have made on taking proper trades or you take this on a high-risisk account where you don't really care on the outcome and you're more testing these high-risk trades and how you personally are going to react to that outcome of it, which is very important.
[00:12:34] And this is just my first week getting out of my losing streak. Simply one week has already engulfed 50% of the losses that I lost in over a month. Now, this is because I have proper risk management. This is because I'm very patient and I'm taking the right trades. I actually have a video for you guys that teaches you my strategy more in depth, which I'm going to leave it for you guys right here. It's literally free. Teaches my strategy completely
[00:12:54] from top to bottom to get a better understanding how you can properly analyze the markets exactly how I do. And I'm not going to let any losing streak or any winning streak get the best of me because you're simply supposed to take trades when they make sense. Doesn't matter if you win five times in a row or lose five times in a row. Just simply probability and having a good strategy. And that's what that video is about. Hope you guys enjoyed
[00:13:15] this video. Make sure you guys hit that like and subscribe button and I'll see you guys in the next
