[00:00:00] I was on a losing streak at the beginning of this year. I lost a little bit over six figures. So, I decided to take things serious and I locked myself in a room until I made a little bit over a million dollars. This is exactly how it went out. So, to start off, how did I lose multiple six figures in the market? Well, I decided to have a bright idea to send free signals, not only by myself, but to join with one of my really good
[00:00:29] friends, Sensei, and let's create a free community where we're going to be giving out free signals every single day. I give swing/day trades and he gives scalp trades. We're both profitable traders. We both have a great track record. It's a great idea for us to combine and give free signals. Now, the problem that ended up happening is that Sensei and I never saw eye to eye. So decided to basically part ways and I decided to continue the legacy going of the free
[00:00:55] signals and the free trades. So I decided to send every single one of my trades in my telegram and host a live stream Monday, Wednesday, Friday where I shared every single one of these trades and broke them down in detail until I made a million dollars. I was not going to let the losing streak despite the pressure and despite the association with Sensei get to me at all. I know my profitability. I know my strategy and I know my trading plan works. I'm going to
[00:01:22] keep that going. So that's exactly what I did. Did a new signal group with all of my community members completely for free. And these live stream I broke down every single trade to the tea. And there I realized two very key important factors. One, even though I'm a great trader, I'm a great trader by myself in my room in my office. the moment that I have to send out a trade and I see 150,000 people copying this exact same trade and I get tens of thousands of DMs
[00:01:48] every single day and people giving me their own comments on the trade that I'm sending. Oh, you're doing it right or you're doing it wrong or this added pressure was something that I did not account for before we decided to come together with Sensei and I. So that pressure combined didn't help. And two, a perfect coincidential timing to go against us is Trump had come right into the markets right at the beginning of the year and we didn't really realize
[00:02:13] the impact he was going to have because we've been killing the markets for the last four years trading in the Biden markets. Biden markets were very slow, very predictable because he wasn't really doing anything honestly and that was very easy to trade. and Trump comes into the markets and the markets take complete turn of events all across the board and we weren't ready for that as traders especially as signal providers because we're used to certain type of
[00:02:38] markets and as soon as we're about to send these signals we get a completely different type of market. So our strategies hadn't adapted to that massive shift in the market. So to summarize my negative start to the year with this losing streak, it basically comes down to the major shift into the markets of Trump coming in and shifting the markets completely and that caught us by surprise. Sensei and I not seeing eye to eye, I had to pick up for his
[00:03:02] slack. He basically didn't really want to do it. And then you add on top of that the pressure of having over 100,000 people watching every single one of your trades. It got to us and I decided that I didn't want to keep having to carry for Sensei's weight. So that's where I decided to lock myself in a room and share every single one of my trades and host a live stream three times a week until I made over a million dollars. And I [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] did it. Now, obviously making
[00:03:29] a million dollars might seem challenging, but it's really not if you don't have a plan. And I made a very strategic plan before I got into it because I wanted to actually not only execute, but succeed in it. And I learned from the lessons that I did when I was partnered up with Sensei previously. So to make these million dollars, I first have to have a very powerful riskmanagement strategy. So every single time I'm going to take a
[00:03:52] trade, I'm going to risk anywhere from 200 to around $300,000. And I'm going to target anywhere from $400 to $600,000. Meaning my risk-to-reward is a 1 to2 one to three. Now it makes no difference if I'm risking $20,000, $2,000, or $200,000. The risk-to-reward remains the same. If I risk 2,000 is to gain $4,000. If I risk 3,000, it's to gain 6,000. It's the exact same risk management on dollar amount, but just on a lot higher dollar
[00:04:23] amount. And this is something that I've been applying for the last 7 years that I'm sure every single one of you guys apply when you go past a challenge or you go trade on your personal account. You have to have risk manager. Mine just happens to be on a very high dollar amount or at least it's high to me. And another thing is a lot of you guys are curious is how much I actually have in my trading account on this challenge that I'm doing. And I didn't disclose of
[00:04:46] it because you guys should not be focusing on how much money I have in my account. You should be focusing on the trades that I'm literally predicting day after day on these live streams. A lot of people were curious, but how much money did you start with or why are you hiding your account balance? Well, cuz I don't have to show it. I don't have to tell you guys how much in my account. It's like me showing you how much I have in my bank account. like it's not
[00:05:09] necessary and I feel like I kind of spoiled a lot of people because at the beginning of the year I did show a $2 million account which respectfully is not my biggest account and I decided to just keep that to myself because some people believe that it's not realistic even though I'm showing it's a live account. I rather just show you guys that I'm predicting the trades, how I enter, how I going to draw them and then how I go into profit. I don't really
[00:05:30] have to show you guys the account size. It's irrelevant to the trade. It's irrelevant to you. Focus on your trade. Don't focus on my money. how deep my pockets go aren't going to make any difference on if the trade's going to go to the stop- loss or take profit. Just focus on the trade. And to focus on my trades, let's go right into the first one, which actually happened to be a break even trade, which actually was a trade that was in profit $415,000.
[00:05:53] Obviously, if I were to expect for this, I would have closed at $400,000 of profit. But since I did not, I decided to continue to hold and it came back and took me out at break even. Did it suck? Yes. GBPCHF was a major counter trend trade. This is a trade that I would normally never take and I explained this multiple times in the live streams inside of my Telegram on Instagram and I explained why that the market is bearish. The weekly is bearish, daily is
[00:06:24] bearish, 4 hours bearish. We should not be buying a market that is overall bearish. It actually goes completely against my strategy. But what my strategy does go for is when patterns repeat themselves. There was a major pattern that this market was about to create and it created it to the tea. That is a reversal pattern. Market was at the lowest point that it has ever been. It's been at the lowest point and every single time it gets there, it has
[00:06:49] a major retracement to the upside. This would be the trade that if you're going to take against the trend is the one that makes the most amount of sense. We're at the lowest point we've ever been in history. We could go to a different server if you want. Like we go to F. Watch. Look, we're going to go to GBPCHF on FXCM, which they have more history. It created the same double bearish weekly approach. One weekly bullish consolidation candlestick. And
[00:07:14] then the following one should be a bullish engulfing to have the retracement. It did that four times in the past. I pointed it out multiple different times. And this should be the next time. There's no reason why it shouldn't. And there's no reason why it should go lower because it's never gone lower. I'm anticipating for a bounce up basically from this support level. It was real. My only confluence in the pattern that it has done it in the past.
[00:07:36] We enter the trade after a beautiful morning star formation posted everywhere. Everybody enters the trade alongside with us. And I have a takerit set on a minor 4hour take-profit zone. The trade gets to my one to two risk-to-reward. So I risk $200,000 on the trade. I'm up $400,000 because I'm at a one to2. And as I'm looking at the trade, I'm like, hm, this has the potential to actually make it to a one to4 risk-to-reward because it has a lot
[00:08:02] more to have a retracement. But not going to lie, I got a little bit blinded because it was the first trade that I sent out for free with the live stream. Everybody was winning and I want people to win more without having to add more risk. you could have gotten another two risk-to-reward on top of this trade without adding another position. And I don't know about you guys, but I'm all for free money without having to risk any more money. What's the worst that
[00:08:29] can happen? Takes me out of break even. Okay, that's perfect with me. And that's exactly what it did. We bought, we hit the one to two risk-to-reward. You guys already know I decided to add more profits to this without adding any extra risk. And we obviously came back, took me out at break even. I am not the type of person to go break even ever for a situation just like this because if this trade did not present to me the exact same entry signal that it did at this
[00:08:57] point right here, I would have not entered this trade at this area right here. I would have literally just missed quote unquote missed out on the trade. price came back, took me at a break even. And the most ironic part is that the break even was actually in profit $10,000. I always put a little bit above my entry just to cover swap fees, commissions, spread, everything just so I can have a little bit of just actual break even or even a little bit of
[00:09:25] profit. And I got a DM from a couple people and it's like, "Bro, I can't believe that you're calling a $10,000 profit a break even day. That's what I want to make a month." And I reflected for a second. And I'm like, damn. I remember when I started trading, I wanted to make $10,000 a month and then maybe scale to $50,000 a month and then $100,000 a month. And now for me, $10,000 is a break even trade. It was just almost like a full circle moment
[00:09:51] where I kind of realized, oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I I think I made it. And what got me to this point is following my trading plan. I did not care that I was up $400,000 and then the trade took me back at break even. That was part of my trading plan. and sticking to the trading plan won me my next trade back on GBPCHF. The most ironic part about this is that I set it on the live stream. If GBPCHF comes back for whatever reason, takes me out at break even and I get the exact same
[00:10:20] entry signal. I'm going to take the exact same trade again. I literally copy paste a risk to reward. I the entry was different by about seven pips. Stop loss different by seven pips. Take profit exactly the same. And guess what I did? I did the exact same thing. Stuck to my trading plan and I took the trade and the trade went right back straight into profit. Both of these trades had zero draw down and went straight into profit. And when this trade was at $400,000 in
[00:10:46] profit, I was going to make the exact same decision. You know what? I see this trade to have potential to make it to a 1 to4 where then I could obviously double my profit without having to add any risk. But there was one factor that was very different and that is that we were approaching the weekend. So it was already going into Friday and I decided, you know what? I don't want to hold this position. I want to end off the week profitable. Let's close out this trade
[00:11:12] right here. So I closed out the first trade for a little bit over $400,000 in profit. And it was the exact same trade that I had just taken. And ladies and gentlemen, we have officially closed the a winning or I have officially closed a winning position. Technically, right now, we are only up about 200,000 because I lost 200,000 the first week, made 400 this week. That led us in profit 200. So, I kind of got a little bit emotional and this is obviously
[00:11:43] happened over the course of the weekend as I'm talking to my community members. Whereas I could have closed the first trade for $400,000 in profit and I could have closed the second trade for $400,000 in profit. Meaning on the first week I'd be 80% of the goal. And looking back at it like that, it sucked a little bit because I could have finished a lot faster. But you know what? Everything happens for a reason. And if that's what I meant to do by sticking to my plan, so
[00:12:08] be it. And the irony of this GPCHF trade is on Monday when it reopened, price came back, would have taken me out at break even and then it would have flown straight to the final take profit that I have been wanting to hold the whole entire time for a 1 to4 risk-to-reward. So if I decided to hold and put my at break even would have taken me out of break even and I would have probably not entered again because it did not give me the exact same entry signal how I wanted
[00:12:34] to. But the overall direction and the prediction of the analysis was to the tea. It decided just to take longer than it should have. So after I realized that I could have been 80% of the goal there and I'm actually only 40% of the goal there by just taking two trades. First trade being break even. Second trade closing at $400,000 in profit. The third trade I'm kind of little a bit aggressive. I'm not going to lie. I'm ready to basically eat the market and
[00:12:58] take the first opportunity to present itself. And doing that, it bit me in the ass and I lost. I lost our third trade on Euro AUD. Euro AUD. So this is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bro. This is so [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] annoying. Euro AUD was a very similar trade to GBPCHF in terms of risk. It was a higherend risk trade as well simply because we were trading against the trends. Now, I don't happen to do this all the time, but when the opportunity is there and it makes sense, it simply
[00:13:32] makes sense. Euro EUD weekly time frame was bullish, daily time frame was bullish, but the 4hour time frame was bearish. For me to take a trade according to my strategy, I need a minimum of two consecutive time frames in sync and I trade with that direction. Technically, if the weekly and the daily are bullish, I should be looking for buys. But the weekly was at a higher high, the daily was at a higher high. The price needs a retracement. If
[00:13:57] Bitcoin is at $100,000, you're not going to buy a Bitcoin at $100,000. You're going to wait for it to come back a little bit and then buy. That the exact same thing happened with your AD. It was at a very high point that I'm expecting for this retracement. And I decided to take it a little bit early because I did not wait for as much daily accumulation as I would have wanted to. And Euro AUD basically went straight to my stop loss, went above it by about 10 pips, and then
[00:14:21] went straight to my takerit. Now, does that suck? Yes, because I don't ever want to lose a trade and especially in front of everybody while I'm showing this on a live stream and sharing it and everybody copying it. But it was a lesson for me just because I won a trade and even though I missed out on more profits than I should have, I shouldn't be obviously super aggressive to take the next one. And if I'm going to have a trade be a counter trend trade, have the
[00:14:47] most amount of confirmations that I possibly have. And these are things that obviously I know I've been trading for the market forever. But sometimes I need this quick humbling moments and have people see me make this mistake in front of them and me almost be kind of humiliated by it and not want to make that mistake in front of people again. So they held me accountable for it. And this loss was a little bit over $150,000. So it set us back to about
[00:15:11] $300,000 $280,000 on the account. And after it takes me out by about 10 pips, it literally goes straight to the takerit where I would have made other $400,000. Meaning I could have been at that very moment in profit $800,000. And if I would have closed every single trade in profit, I would have been up 1 to $1.3 million. So like all this is going through my mind. And the crazy part about it is that everybody's seeing it on the live streams. Beauty of this
[00:15:39] is you guys are literally going to know exactly the type of trade that I'm going to be looking to enter, why I'm looking to enter, where I'm looking to enter, my stop loss, take profit, the reasoning behind it, and you guys are going to see it live every other day of the week. You guys are going to get the start of the week on Monday essentially, and then update middle of the week and then recap at the end of the week on Friday. It [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] doesn't get any better than
[00:16:06] this. your boy. I literally been able to tell and do their own calculations on how much I would be up if I didn't get wicked out by 10 pips and if I didn't get stopped out at break even. Trust me, it's not a good look. So, at this point in the challenge, I basically have had every single scenario happen. I've had a break even, I've had a win, and I've had a wick out loss. Well, technically, I haven't had a full loss, which I don't mind those. I hate the wickouts, but
[00:16:29] it's okay. But nothing like the next trade, which is AUD CAD, which was probably the craziest swing I've had in a very long time. This trade was a perfect, beautiful analysis. Right now, where we are is literally at this candlestick right here. We're waiting for this candlestick to be made. We already have the pull-up, the dogee. Now, we're expecting for this right here. So, we have to wait for that wick to be created. That wick is what's going
[00:16:57] to save us from taking a loss or not. And if we manage to hold through it long enough and not get caught on that wick out of the move, I believe we're going to have a very very very high risk-to-reward paying trade. ADCAD was at a very strong daily level of support. It was being used as resistance. The weekly is bearish. Daily is bearish. 4hour had been accumulating there for nearly 2 weeks. Meaning that we have clearly rejected this very strong level
[00:17:22] of support being used as resistance. I have my two consecutive time frames in sync. I have my strong area of interest. So, I have my entry signal, everything I look for in a trade. Price gives me my entry signal. I enter the trade, go into a little bit of draw down, and then we start going into profit. Everything is good. I'm $100,000 in profit. 200,000, 300,000, 400,000 here. I've always kept very excited, posting on Instagram. We [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] made it. We're almost there.
[00:17:50] Then we are about $500,000 in profit. $550,000 in profit, $600,000 in profit. So, I think I was shy at that point around 80 $90,000 to close out the trade and complete it. And I'm looking at my DMs. Everybody's saying close, close, close, close. I'm like, guys, why would I close? I'm only $80,000 away. I'm going to continue to set and forget until it hits how much? I think I needed about $680,000 690,000 in order for me to close at a million in profit because
[00:18:20] I'm only in profit at that point about $300,000 because I took that loss on Euro AUD and I decided to go break my fast, hit the gym. When I go back and look at my phone, I was around $200,000 in profit. Price had completely reversed and never made it to my take-profit point. I was shy by $80,000. Everybody's seeing this and they're telling me to close and I'm sticking to my plan. I said, you know what? I'm not going to close. I'm going to stick to my plan.
[00:18:49] Price goes back $200,000 in profit, $100,000 in profit, break even, negative $50,000, negative $100,000. And this is by London session. So throughout the course of the whole entire day, I see my profits disappear into negative. So, I'm not mad that the trade didn't have the move because I don't anticipate the move. I'm mad that it didn't, you know, kind of react to that. I feel like I could have been a little bit more conservative with my take-profit. I
[00:19:19] could have literally put my takeprofit to maybe even this structure point right here. And that's still 1 to 2.5 risk to reward, but I'm I'm chasing the money so bad. And since I'm chasing that monetary goal, I'm not making logical trades. And that's the pro like I'm I'm doing a mistake that rookie traders do. I'm doing a mistake that uh traders that are not profitable yet do because they continue to chase the money and not close the trade for what the trade is.
[00:19:50] That's what I should have done here. I should have closed the trade. I'm at 1 to2 1 to 2.5 for what it is and realizing that the higher time frames, yes, they are destined to continue going to the downside, but it's probably not going to happen this week. should happen sometime next week. And a lot of people ask, why didn't you go break even? Well, because the daily time frame hadn't closed. I like to wait for the daily time frame to close to see if I go break
[00:20:12] even or not because based off of where I can potentially project if it's going to have a wick retracement, that's where I put my break even. It's very technical stuff. Talk about it in the live stream, so you guys should definitely check it out. But I decided to not go break even and just to continue to hold the trade because I accepted the risk. And the trade goes into draw down a little bit over $120,000. Now, imagine that feeling that
[00:20:31] you're $80,000 away from the goal and then you go into negative $120,000. How do you feel? How do you then go on another live stream the next day and say, "Guys, set and forget, continue to do this." Well, I did it. And that is by sticking to my plan. And guess what? and AUD CAD. I mean, I think I think all of the market right now is looking at AUD CAD and seeing what is about to happen. So, sticking to my plan, made the trade go
[00:21:04] back into profit. $100,000, 200, 300, 400, all the way back until $550,000. When the trade is back in that profit, I said, "Okay, boom. We're done." Closing right here because it was at my 1 to2 risk-to-reward. Anything below that, I considered that I was going to be greedy and I'm just chasing the money at this point. I'm doing it for the money. I'm not doing it for the trade. This is something that I'm going to talk about towards the end of this
[00:21:30] and is very important and is my biggest takeaway from this whole entire thing. But moral of the story with AUD CAD, we were almost there, went back into draw down, and then we went back into profit and we close in profit for a 1 to2 risk-to-reward for a beautiful half a million dollar trade. Now, at this point, I'm probably in profit about $700,000 roughly, and I need about $300,000 left in order to complete the challenge. Now, at this point in the
[00:21:56] challenge, I'm probably about 4 weeks in, almost 12 live streams in, and probably about 10 missed trades in. So I obviously I personally executed four trades at this very moment, but I missed a little bit over 10 different trades that I sent out simply because of time zones, simply because of trading paralysis, because all the pressure people watching me. I didn't really want to take the ultra ultra high risk trades. There were some other trades I
[00:22:23] just overthought about it and I just decided to only stick to the least amount of trades that I possibly can with the higher probability. But at this point, I've predicted nearly eight to nine different moves. And obviously, others were losses that I didn't happen to take. But I also missed out on about four different wins. And now that we're on this last trade, the last winning trade that we're about to make money and, you know, complete the
[00:22:45] challenge. This is probably the most disappointing trade that I had. And that is well, one, we took the exact same trade that I got stopped out on by 10 pips on Euro AD earlier. and it went straight to my takerit. I took the exact same trade again because it came back into the area, gave me the exact same entry signal, everything the exact same, exact same zone, stop loss, take profit, everything exact same. And I decided to not only execute it, but executed on a
[00:23:13] little bit higher risk. Instead of risking the regular $200,000 that I was usually risking, I wanted to risk $300,000. I execute the $300,000 and the trade basically goes into a little bit of draw down, but then goes straight into take profit. Now, this trade is at a one:1 risk-to-reward. And when this trade is at a one:1 risk-to-reward, if I risk $300,000, I'm up $300,000. All I need is $300,000 to complete the challenge. Jordan Welch happens to be at
[00:23:42] my house where, you know, doing a video for his community and he doesn't believe that by basically one click away, I can close a position and make $300,000. And he asked if he could do it. And I said, "Sure, you can do it." But I basically am closing this trade just to complete the challenge. I can make like 600 700K off the street, but I don't want it. I just want to make a million dollars, post it on social media, and go on vacation, bro. But as
[00:24:09] I'm looking at the chart, I see so much more downside potential from this move where this one move can easily give me a million because if I risk $300,000 on this trade and my risk-to-reward is a 1 to6, I'm nearly making 1.2 million off of one single trade. But you know what? At this moment, I'm chasing the money. I'm chasing the high of finishing the challenge, getting it done, showing people how legit I am and how transparent I am. sharing all these
[00:24:40] trade ideas, doing all these live streams, and Jordan Walsh clicks the button. Boom. Closes all the trades. I'm literally just gonna close every single trade right now. Can I do it? Yeah, you can do it. Close all. Yeah. Yeah. Make sure you close this one. No, no, no. Don't [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off that one. This one? Yeah. It's a wrap. That's it. That's That's $300,000 right there. Look. All right, chill. So, look. We just closed at
[00:25:04] 1.091. So, all the positions that we were just in right now, it closes immediately. So, we just made 300. No way, bro. They going to be in the comments like, "That's not that's not real money. That's some that's some fake platform. That's some fake money." It's literally real. Alex Gonzalez, LQH live server. Like, everything is legit. Does not get more legit than this. N bro, that's actually insane. I mean, but I've been in this position since 6:00 in the
[00:25:26] morning. It's not like I just entered as we're walking through the door. That That would have been [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] crazy. No, no. Like, I've been in this position for almost like 5 6 hours. Now, little did I know that it was probably a cool feeling for Jordan. At that very moment, I got butterflies in my stomach. I'm like, I just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] up because I had just missed out on 1.2 million trade. The rest of the week, I see that trade continuing to drop and drop and drop and drop without
[00:25:53] ever looking back. It never came back for re-entry. It never came back anywhere near Jordan closed it off. meaning I could have just literally done nothing for the next 2 days and it would have gone straight to $1.2 million in profit. And that sucked. But you know what? It felt good because I can show people how you can use a profitable strategy and make money from it. But I let this be a lesson to myself. So I don't chase the money. I trade to trade.
[00:26:25] I don't trade to make money. When I trade to make money, it's not following a plan. It's not organic. And I'm looking at the money. I'm not looking at the charts. Looking at the Metatrader and looking at the money go up and down does not do anything for the chart. You looking at the chart will determine if the money is going to go up or down. But the candlesticks reflect what's on the numbers. The numbers don't reflect the candlesticks. And as soon as I literally
[00:26:54] had this realization to myself, I said, "You know what? I'm no longer going to trade for the money. I'm going to keep trading to trade when it makes sense. And fine, cost me a million dollars because I could have just literally continued to set and forget, which is what I do all the time. But I decided to just close it out, complete the challenge, show people how transparent it is, how real it is. And if it had to cost me a million dollars to show
[00:27:22] people, I guess it is what it is. But from this point forward, I am going to continue to trade to trade and not trade for the money because it will end up being more expensive and you won't end up making any money. And you know, yes, Euro ED gave me a little bit of PTSD, right? You know, it made me want to tattoo set and forget on my forehead so I can continue to follow my pen how I should and not do it to show people because I'm going to complete a
[00:27:46] challenge. There's this other trade, USD CAD. USD CAD was easily a $700,000 trade that Oh, and NZDPY was another half a million dollar trade because they were so beautiful having all the trend in your favor. They had the beautiful strong daily area of interest, 4hour shifted structure and entry signal at the wrong time for me. Now this bearish rejection candlestick happened beautifully engulfing this other candlestick right here. So this is
[00:28:19] a beautiful entry point. If you notice this happened right before London session right at 1 in the morning 12:00 p.m. And this would have been a perfect point for you to enter this trade. Now I did not enter it and it's going to sound pretty pathetic but I was not really paying attention to the charts. like I was out on the road and I wasn't really paying attention to it and then I just saw this bearish move. I'm like, "All right, cool. I'm going to wait for a
[00:28:48] little bit more of a retracement." Came home and I just knocked out. And on all of these other retracements, I just didn't want to enter impulsively and the trade pretty much just tanked. So, I personally sometimes I always, you know, try and wake up at London session as best as I could. I am human at the end of the day. Sometimes I just fall asleep. Sometimes I wake up, sometimes I just wake up, don't see what I'm supposed to see, and I missed out on USD
[00:29:14] CAD because of a beautiful entry signal in London session where as soon as 3:00 in the morning came in, flew straight into take profit for a 1 to 4.5 risk-to-reward. That trade missed NZDPY, I didn't actually was able to enter that trade because I was overleveraged on the loss that I took on Euro AUD. So that was another trade that kind of gave me a little PTSD. Imagine predicting three trades and then you pick the wrong one. The one the one that
[00:29:43] just wicks you out by 10 pips, but then they all end up going to take profit and you didn't capitalize off of any of them. That ended up happening to me basically every single week with multiple different pairs. And that is normal in trading. You're not supposed to catch them all. Just because you have one fishing rod, you go out to the ocean and you see a bunch of fish doesn't mean you're going to catch all the fish. You can only fish one rod at a time, one
[00:30:04] cast at a time. and either you catch a big one or you catch a small one or your line breaks. It's going to happen. It's part of the process. There's nothing you can do to avoid it. The best thing that you can do is be ready to bring it back up, put another bait, and cast it out again. But if you want to be that guy, that fisherman that has multiple different fishing poles out there, they're going to get tangled as you're reeling one in. The fish is pulling down
[00:30:32] the other one. Break the rod, you lost that fish, you lost the rod. But it's going to cost you more money than just focusing at one fish at a time. And this took me a very long time to realize. And the fish aren't going to go anywhere. There's plenty of fish in the sea. And there's always going to be a time to go out there and catch them. Same exact thing with the markets. There's plenty of markets to trade. They're always going to be there to give you
[00:30:56] opportunities. And you only take one trade at a time. The faster you realize that and the quicker you take a trade for a trade and not to make money, the more money you will make 100%. Just make sure not to fall asleep and make sure to set and forget, but don't set and forget too much. Now, even though this was a crazy journey for me and it was very stressful, I'm glad that thousands of people, tens of thousands of people capitalized off of this. Uh you guys can
[00:31:24] go see it from yourself. There's literally tens of live streams of me showing every single trade, the before, the during, the after, explaining my strategy as I'm looking at this trade, why I'm interested, why I'm not interested, answering Q&amp;As's at the end, and just showing you guys how I personally look at these markets, and caught a lot of people by surprise because nobody knew that I did this constantly. And I do this every single
[00:31:48] week with my students where I literally share the trades just how I did for people publicly for free. how I did the live streams. I do this with my community every single week and I share the trades and I answer the questions inside of the community. That's truthfully why my members have crazy success numbers. They're making anywhere from a,000 to $1,500 a week at a minimum by simply getting on these calls with me privately and seeing these trades for
[00:32:14] themselves and them following alongside with me. If you guys want to know more about sudden forget and how these students are doing stuff like this, click the link in the description below because there's a video that explains for you everything to the tea perfectly because what I just did right now publicly, I do it every single week privately with my students. I just decided to take on the bigger challenge and show the masses of people what we're
[00:32:35] about inside of the set and forget community. So, with that being said, make sure to hit the link in the description below so you guys can see what we're about. And make sure to hit that like and subscribe button because I don't know anybody else that's putting on a challenge like this and taking on all the stress how I did. And I'll do it again if I have to. That being said, guys, thank you very much for seeing this video. Make sure to hit that like
[00:32:56] and subscribe button. I'll see you guys in the next
