[00:00:00] The main reason why you're losing money in the markets, which is about to sound crazy, it's because you're literally entering trades at the wrong place. Plain and simple. It could be a great trade setup that you analyzed or it can even be a bad trade. But the truth of the matter is that the entire setup is completely wrong if you are not taking it at the right place. And that's why I brought David here. David over the course of the next 30 days is going to
[00:00:23] be living with me until I can teach him how to understand and execute a profitable strategy where he is going to then turn this into his new main source of income. Now, over the course of the next 30 days, David is going to be living here and we're going to turn $1,000 into $100,000. We're going to be documenting everything, the before, the during, the after of his whole entire journey and how he goes through it. It's going to be
[00:00:46] his first account flip and his first time. Yes, David is a stranger. Now, over time, we've gotten to know each other, but about two and a half weeks ago, I set a application for somebody to be part of this life-changing opportunity. After 50,000 applicants, traveling to multiple different states, and identifying different potential candidates, we're left with David, young guy, worked two jobs, and now we're here. This is going to be one of the
[00:01:09] many videos that I am going to be teaching David how to execute and learn this strategy perfectly. And we're going to be documenting it and sharing it with you guys completely for free. So you can follow along and learn from his journey so you're actually able to replicate his exact same results. And the best part is that it's free. So, in this particular video, we're going to learn how to properly do a top- down analysis so you know when, where, and how to enter a
[00:01:33] trade and avoid those wickouts, avoid those unnecessary draw downs, and even avoid taking a loss. In order for you to take a trade and it be a profitable trade, you don't need to predict where the market is going to be every single hour of the day, every single day of the month, every single week of the year. The key is you need to know when to enter and when to not enter, right? Being involved in the markets and trying to predict every move, it's not going to
[00:01:54] make you any money. You have to know where to enter and that goes directly with identifying the structure of the trend. Knowing where is the high and where is the low of the market, finding a proper area of interest, which is going to be key to executing at the correct point. And lastly, when should you actually enter this trade? All of that we're going to break down in this video right now. So, first things first, to do a proper top down analysis, you
[00:02:16] pretty much have to do exactly as it says, do a top down analysis. So, we're going to start off from the weekly time frame, work our way down all the way to the 15minute, meaning weekly, daily, 4 hour, 2 hour, 1 hour, 30 minute, 15 minute. Now, every single one of these time frames has a completely different purpose in this top down analysis. But the first step is to understand is the weekly bullish or is it bearish? Is the daily bullish or the daily bearish?
[00:02:45] 4-hour bullish, 4-hour bearish, so on all the way up into the 15minut time frame. Now once you have all the different time frames and then there you understand where the majority of these time frames are headed decision on where you should take a trade should be very easy. If five of these time frames are bullish for example and two of them are bearish. Does it make more sense to sell or to buy? Well that actually depends on the type of time frames that are
[00:03:12] indicating to you if it's bullish or bearish. All that's going to make sense in just a second. So coming into the charts, first things first, you would look at this market and then you would immediately as a beginner trader identify that this market can potentially be bullish. So this weekly time frame maybe you can identify as creating highs and lows, higher highs, higher lows, and you would see that it's bullish. Mhm. And you would actually be
[00:03:38] wrong. This market is indeed bearish. This is a higher high, higher low, higher high, higher low, higher high. lower low and right now we are potentially creating a lower high. This market shifted the structure at this high point right here. Meaning to start off with our top down analysis, the weekly time frame is bearish. So now that we understand that the weekly time frame is bearish, we go to the daily time frame. Daily time frame, we would
[00:04:07] assume just by looking at it that it's bullish just because it's creating highs and lows. But there you would be wrong. Once again, when you look at the market to identify if it's bullish or bearish, you look at the higher highs and higher lows. The market structure, these elbows, high, low, high, low. Basically, every single point in the market where it had a shift, this market would consider that a structure point. Every single one of these elbows is a
[00:04:35] structure point. And this market has created many of them. Now, if you answered that it's bearish, I want you to know exactly why it's bearish. It's not bearish because of this right here. It's bearish because this right here is the lower high. And then this point down here is the lower low. Meaning this is the lower high. This is the lower low. We haven't body closed below it. So it's there's no new lower low. We haven't closed above it because there's no
[00:05:03] higher high. So it's not bullish. So the daily time frame is bearish because of this structure point here. Not because of this head and shoulders pattern right here. Not because of this lower high and because of this lower low. That would be false. It's bearish because of those high moves. So you get that, right? I got you. So the daily time frame, we would add it here as bearish as well. Correct. Now we're basically going to do the same thing on the 4 hour, 2 hour, 1
[00:05:28] hour, 30 minute, 15 minute, 4 hour time frame. Very clear indication that we can potentially tell that this market is currently bearish. You can as well see how the market was creating highs. Then we shifted to the downside. I personally would not count this point right here as a structure point. This right here is not a clean structure point to me. So I would not count this as a structure point. This would be the lower high and lower low. Many would get confused.
[00:05:58] Count this as a lower low, lower high, and then a lower low. For me, one candlestick of a retracement is not enough for it to be considered an elbow. I would need for it to be something a bit more. If you notice, candlestick retraces like this with two or more candlesticks are a bit more stronger and cleaner and more respected. So, this 4hour time frame as well, it is bearish. Bearish. Now, we go down to the 2-hour time frame. Two-hour time frame, we are
[00:06:29] struck with a bit of a different type of market structure. We have a very clean lower low, lower high, lower low. we shift bullish, higher high and higher low. So, as of right now, the two-hour time frame is bullish. We body candlestick above this structure point. Then this right here becomes the higher high and then this becomes the higher low. We're yet to break above or under that. So, we're still bullish. Okay. So, you get that, right? Yeah. So, this is
[00:06:58] the first time frame that is bullish. That is bullish. Correct. And it breaks out of the pattern that we were currently in, which is fine. Right. Right now we're just understanding where the market is. The 1 hour time frame, very similar situation. This would be the higher low. This would be the higher high. We yet to break above or below it. So the 1 hour time frame is indeed bullish as well. Then we go down to our 30 minute
[00:07:27] time frame and 30 minute time frame as of right now is bearish. So you can see how this was creating lower low, lower high, lower low, lower high, lower low, lower high, lower low. We went bullish and then we shifted bearish and right now it's creating almost what looks like to be a double top. So right now the 30-minut time frame is bearish. Bearish too. And lastly, the 15minute one. Yeah, definitely least. Last, usually people say last but not least, the 15-minut
[00:08:00] time frame is the least cuz it's the weakest time frame. It's not the one that is the strongest or most respected. So, we don't really care for it that much. I use it a bit for my entry signals, but we'll save that towards the end of the video. 15-minute time frame. Right now, we were creating lower lows, lower highs, lower lows, shifted bullish, higher high, higher low. Kind of skip all of that. Higher low, and higher high. 15-minut time frame is
[00:08:25] indeed bullish. And then lastly, 15-minut time frame is bullish. Meaning we have a total of one, two, three, four time frames bearish and then we have three three time frames. So, right off the bat, it makes more sense to sell and to buy. But let's say it was for example four time frames bullish and then three time frames bearish. Would that make sense to buy? Not really. Because the lower time frames being in one direction doesn't mean that the higher time frames
[00:09:03] are going to go in that direction as well. So for me, whenever I go take a trade and ever I go do top analysis, what makes the most sense is to have the highest time frames going in that direction. So if the weekly is bearish, daily is bearish and 4 hours bearish, I want to continue to trade with those markets to have a higher probability to trade setup. Now, can I be interested in buys because these lower time frames are in one direction? Sure. But it's not as
[00:09:25] strong as a probability. The higher time frames, the more respected the market is, the lower the time frame, the less the market respected is. Okay. Okay. You get that? Yeah, I understand. Yeah. Okay. So now that we understand that the majority of the time frames are going to the downside when we are done with this part of the top analysis we move on to the next phase which is looking for area of interest. So we cannot enter a trade without an area of interest. I'm going
[00:09:53] to I'm going to repeat that. We can have all these time frames bearish or all these time frames bullish, but if you don't have a proper area of interest, you cannot take the trade take the trade at all. Area of interest is going to be the most crucial points on where you're actually going to enter. For example, if let's say right now we are surfers, right? We're going to go to the ocean to surf. We can see a bunch of waves being created going to one direction to the
[00:10:20] shore. and you want to go out there and surf, but if you don't know where you're going to enter on that wave, it's no good. You basically can't do anything. Let's say right now there's a basketball game going on and the ball is out of bounds, you can't play the game at all because the ball is out of bounds. You can only play the game when the ball is in bounds. It's in the game. Right now, if the trade is completely bearish and there's no proper area of interest, the
[00:10:46] ball is not in the game. There's like the game is not happening. You only take a trade after you have a proper area of interest. So the way area of interest is identified is very simple to simplify very quickly. We have here a market that is a bullish market. Bullish market what we are anticipating for price to do is have a retracement. This retracement stop at some given time and point before then having the push to the upside. Our job as traders is to predict when is
[00:11:19] this stop going to stop. So then we can have our entry right around here. So then the trade from here can then have the push to the upside. That's our job to predict when is this pullback going to stop before it actually has the push up. So you can almost anticipate when this pullback is going to happen to perfection based off of an area of interest. So now we understand this market's bullish. Let's say this is the daily time frame for example. we were
[00:11:44] allowed to find an area of interest which is a point where the market has respected multiple times in theory a minimum of three times. So let's just add another structure point here right here. So we can have our minimum of three touches. And yes, it could count even if you have structure points above. This has one, two, three, three, four, four. Right. So this is a valid area of interest. So we would expect is for price to have a retracement into this
[00:12:11] area, retest it, head to the upside. Okay. And what's the minimum like touching points that we need? So it's it's a minimum of three. So you're going to have three points above, three points below, a total of three points. So let's say for example, one above, one under, and one above. Or you can have all three of them under. As long as there's three points of that area, it's a valid area. You got that? Yeah, I got it. Okay. So if we were to go to, for example, let's
[00:12:39] say the weekly time frame, weekly time frame, we would identify where we are right now. And if we were to look left, we would not really see any price action for about 10 years. But even then, this line right here, we have one, two, and we go back to current price. And then we have three. That's three touches. Bear with me. We go down to the daily time frame. And then in the daily time frame, we would do the exact same
[00:13:09] thing, but in a much more detailed version with what we're dealing with right now. So, for example, we can spot, let's say, a zone like this. Here we were to have one, two, and then three. That's a valid area of interest. If you were to look at the market like this, one, 2, 3, 4. Valid. Very valid. You look at it like this, there's nothing there. It's not valid. I personally the furthest I like to look back when identifying these areas of
[00:13:45] interest is anywhere in between one to three years. That's the furthest I ever like to look back recently with the way the new markets have changed. It's just we want to make sure we're executing a trade where the market has respected recently, not 10 years ago. The world's in a different place 10 years ago. the markets are there right now and I want to make sure that the price is very relevant to the most recent. So our second thing is identifying an area of
[00:14:12] interest and this area of interest is very well respected. Now at this point that we have officially identified the area of interest, it's officially game on. So everything we've done up to this point is just understanding where the market is. At no point have we executed the strategy right now. At no point have we have done anything that's out of the normal, right? All all we've done is just read the market. Yeah. Now is when we're going to start applying our
[00:14:41] strategy to potentially execute this trade. A very simple analogy is let's say that you're a surfer right now is at the point where you would go out to the ocean and then go and get on to your board. Mhm. Now, a very big mistake that a lot of surfers make is they'll pull up to the beach, they'll go out to the ocean, and they wait in the ocean for a wave. Okay. What happens? They get eaten by a shark. The current takes them far away. I don't know. I'm not a surfer.
[00:15:11] Are you a surfer? No, I'm not a surfer. an analogy, right? So, it's a very high risk approach. Unless risk, right? You don't have to be out there in the water for the wave for you to surf the wave. You could be on the beach safely under an umbrella, not getting burnt. When you see the wave approaching, then you can then go out into the water. You swim to it and then you you surf the wave. Is there a possibility that of you missing it? Sure, it's fine. It's normal, but
[00:15:38] you're minimizing your risk. If you do not have your trade be at your area of interest, why would you go in and enter a trade? It simply makes no sense. That's right. If you don't have the wave right there at that given moment, why would you be waiting in the water? It's just very high risk. It only makes sense to execute the trade when it's at your area of interest. It only makes sense to ride a wave when it's ready to be ridden. There's no reason to be
[00:16:03] overexposed for no reason. Now, I want to make sure you understand this is so crucial and so key because some traders, they would do their analysis, they would do the top analysis decently. They'll find a decent area of interest and then they'll feel like the market owes them something because they've analyzed the market. You got to make sure that you can analyze the market, put so much time into it, and it mean nothing. Okay? That you have to be completely emotionally
[00:16:28] detached from that trade. Yes, you got that right. I got it. It's very key. So, now that you understand that you don't have to be in the ocean waiting for the wave, you can wait for it at the beach. You want to make sure that you know what you're waiting for, right? Like you want to have your binocular set so you can see the wave. You can be waiting for something specific. Correct. That's exactly what we would do here once price is approaching or reaching the area of
[00:16:51] interest. So for example, let's say this trade at this point once this trade broke this neckline and or this area of interest. This is where the majority of traders would just want to get involved right away because they feel like they're going to be right about the direction which they're right. Right. This the majority of the time frames are bearish. You have a head and shoulders. you have many different formations are identifying that this trade should
[00:17:17] continue to go down rather than up. Okay, so this is where the big mistake comes in because they're getting involved too early, too quick. Okay, just because the water and the currents are going in one way, you don't want to go in right away. You still have to wait for your trade. You have to wait for your entry. This is where you would wait for a retracement, which is where price would then come back into this area. And now when you're in this area is where
[00:17:39] then you're going to wait for the most important and most crucial point which is going to be your entry signal. The entry signal is very much overlooked among the traders in the industry and they overlook it or they underlook it. They they never find the perfect medium. They either over complicate it or oversimplify it. If you're looking to sell a trade at an area of interest, you need to have as many possible confirmations that the
[00:18:07] trade is going to sell. So for example, the 4hour time frame. So let me actually take a step back, right? Weekly, daily, 4hour time frame. These are the three time frames to identify the trend of the markets. Okay. The 2 hour, 1 hour, 30 minute, and 15 minutes are used to actually enter the trade. Mhm. Now, these lower time frames are used to enter the trade based off of the direction of the higher time frames. Okay, you understood that, right? Yeah.
[00:18:35] If the higher time frames are bearish, we use the lower time frames to enter those cells. So, if we go down to the 30 minute right now, for example, and we're looking for sells, how are we going to sell? If the 30 time frame, if the 30-minut time frame is bullish, we're creating lower lows, lower highs, lower lows, lower highs. And now we shifted bullish. So if we're looking to sell and our entry signal time frame is bullish, how are we going to sell? Doesn't make
[00:19:05] any sense. We need to only sell when the lower time frames match our higher time frames. So this is where the even though the wave is getting close to be formed and you're itching to go out there and go ride it, it's not ready yet, right? Because the wave is just on its way to the beach. hasn't decided if it wants to go east or if it wants to go west. And you want it to go west because that's where all the girls are on the beach or whatever surfers look for whenever they
[00:19:34] go surf. Yeah, there's a big nice wave loading up, but you don't know what way it's going to go. This is literally setting up the perfect pre-market setup for that to happen, right? So, what price does when it reaches the area of interest has an accumulation. This is one of the major things that I like to see because it shows me that it's struggling to break through this area, which clearly whenever we're above this area, we
[00:20:00] struggle, we have a push up. Whenever we are under this area, we struggle and we push down. Now that we're here again, I can simply anticipate for the exact same thing to happen. So, this is the higher low. This is the higher high. In order for me to take the cell, I would need to wait for a shift of structure. And this is where we would remain extremely patient and wait for the ship to structure. This is two, three hours that have just gone by that we're just making
[00:20:29] it seem very quickly. And that's where the difficulty comes in from this, the waiting game, of course, sitting on your hands and waiting for what you need to get done happen. So at this point, we're still not taking the trade. The market is still bullish and it's not giving us our entry signal. You need to wait for the shift to structure. So at this point that minor body candlestick that closed below that structure point that's it that's our entry signal that is our
[00:20:56] entry signal that now the 30 minute time frame has shifted and now it's in correlation with the higher time frame. So now weekly, daily, 4hour are bearish and so is the 30 minute time frame which is an entry signal time frame for example which is an added confluence that would then lead us to understand that now the 30 minute is following the higher time frames. So we have the higher time frames bearish, we have a solid area of interest and then we also
[00:21:24] have our trade at the area of interest giving us a shift structure inside of it. Like you're literally creating a perfect setup that it simply makes more sense for this to go down than up. Because at the end of the day, the market's going to do two things. Go up or down. Yeah. We just got to figure out why it makes one. Yeah. Which one most famous? Yeah. Which one makes more sense for it to go down or up? This right here, off of everything I've just said,
[00:21:46] you could explain to your grandma and they're going to literally understand it. Yeah. So once price has the break of the structure area, you would then wait for either a bearish engulfing confirmation, an evening star, you can look for any reversal patterns like head and shoulders, double tops, anything that confirms now that it's shifted bearish that it's going to continue that momentum because one thing is shifting bearish and another thing is continuing
[00:22:13] that momentum. And then here we shift bearish and we simply continue that momentum. Now you can see here how this structure went from being bullish to creating higher highs to now being lower low, lower high, lower low, lower high. Yeah, I see. So it literally goes from having the bearish move. It goes bullish to have the retracement to have the retest of the area of interest and then it shifts and then it continues to move down. It just it's simple waves but not
[00:22:39] the actual surfing ones. You're just like trading waves. More fun ones. These to me they're more fun because they make me money, you know? I'm not prone to getting eaten by a shark, you know. Yeah. And now this is one of the trades that I'm actively in right now. And I am very confident in this trade to continue heading to the downside. Price action is rejecting. And as soon as I enter the trade, I follow the slogan. I mean, set and forget like forget. All I do is just
[00:23:06] let the trade either do one or two things. I let the trade either hit my stop loss or I let the trade hit my takerit. I don't do anything in between. And you never change the never never because if you change the trade, you're changing your strategy essentially because whatever you took at whatever given point met a strategy and it made sense at that point. That means that the trade still makes sense. Just because it doesn't go to your take profit right
[00:23:32] away doesn't mean the trade is not valid. If the trade sometimes it'll take a day or two or three and if that's what it takes, that's what it takes. I always make sure that my stop loss is placed above the previous high just in case if For whatever reason, we now body candlestick close above this area. We are completely wrong because since we had the shift to structure when I entered the trade on the 30 minute for me, I identified this to be the lower
[00:23:55] high and I identified that this be the new lower low at the time of me watching this market. This was the lower high. This was the lower low. If this price from this given point body candlestick above this structure point, technically would be bullish and it's destined to continue going to the upside. So I only place my stop loss at an area where if it gets hit, it's completely wrong. Okay, this is very key% very key. Very key. And then I simply place my
[00:24:25] takeprofit a little bit below the next structure point where I believe that daily time frame is destined to go. Stop loss placement is so key. Can't even imagine. Okay. And what if for example uh the trade goes so well that we can put the stop loss or a take profit was? Yeah. So that's called moving your stops or trail stops, however you want to call it. That's something that I sometimes tend to do. You could do it. It's a great way on how to continue to set and
[00:24:54] forget. But I would try and only do that on trades that have higher potentials of risk-to-reward. Right? So, if a trade has a, for example, this trade, I only see it to have a 1:2 risk-to-reward, for example. But if you have a trade that has a potential for it to be a 1 to4, sure, once the trade hits your original take-profit of a 1:2, you could move your stop loss there, worst case, takes you out of the 1 to2. I personally don't really do this myself. I see other
[00:25:24] people successfully do it. I would recommend either takes you out of your full take profit or takes you out of your full stop-loss. I wouldn't modify moving your stop loss to a random area where you enter the trade, which has nothing to do with the market structure. You're prone to getting wicked out at break even. And for example, like let's say right now when this trade was a little bit into profit and I would have put it at break even. Price would have
[00:25:47] just taken me out at break even and now continue heading to the downside. Putting it at break even or moving your stops has nothing to do with how the market moves. It's just you wanting to cover your risk. And you cover your risk by pre-calculating it beforehand. You don't have to not want to lose money after you take a trade. Okay. But it's a great way of thinking. That's being conservative. I think that's great. And you know what? I love the fact that you
[00:26:11] asked that last question there because it it shows me that you're like catching up pretty fast. And it's very key that you understand to make money in trading, it's not all about added risk. make money by preserving your money and being strategic with your risk. Not about risking more. It's about knowing when to risk and knowing when to not risk. And the crazy part is that this is literally just one of the many videos that we're going to be doing with David. And his
[00:26:36] journey has been honestly accelerating a lot faster than I imagined. And we're sharing all of his journey completely for free. We're documenting it in real time. His trades before, during, the after. And by the time you're watching this recording, you can still watch everything and catch up and still even replicate his results. In the link below, we have created a library where you can get access to this completely for free and you can see what David did
[00:27:02] to be part of this journey and how you can replicate it for yourself. I hope you guys enjoyed this video. This is one of many that we are going to be creating for you guys completely for free. Make sure to hit that like and subscribe button and I'll see you guys in the next video.
