[00:00:00] Lately, six figure wins and six figure losses are almost the new normal nowadays where I can make four 500,000 in a single day and also lose it like if nothing ever happened. But things weren't always like this. If you would have met me 7 years ago, I would have asked you what type of donut and what size coffee would you want? And uh in that time period, I was a consecutively unprofitable trader, a struggling trader aspiring to be successful where I lost
[00:00:23] $28,000 of my savings and my family's [music] money. I was unprofitable and doing all of this by myself. So, I definitely understand what it takes to go from absolutely nothing to having major consistency and profitability from the market. So, in this video today, I'm going to teach you how to optimize your current situation and how to go from nothing to being at the level where you want to be by using &gt;&gt; [music]
[00:00:50] &gt;&gt; $50. Don't underestimate the power of what you can do with 50 bucks if you execute things correctly and if you have a plan. And in this video, I'm going to give you a plan, a direction, and a strategy how you can optimize it and reach your first payout or your first successful account flip. The realistic way, the no BS way. Now, to get started, the first thing that we need to do is analyze your current situation and be fully transparent and realistic about
[00:01:14] your situation. You're not going to get rich off of 50 bucks. You're not going to be a profitable trader with 50 bucks. and you're not going to have that lifech changing dramatic shift that you're looking for with 50 bucks. The best analogy that I can give you is if for example you were to be a fisherman. If you were to go out to fish, you only have one rod, one line, one hook, and one bait. You really have limited resources. If one fish hooks onto your
[00:01:40] line and it snaps your line, you're done for the day. So, you are going out to the game or you're going out to go fish in a very limited resource. So, you need to tread carefully and be realistic and you understand that you can't go and catch extremely big fish with very small bait and a line that doesn't have the potential to reel in that fish. Trading with 50 bucks is no different. You can't expect to have 50 bucks be turned into a billion dollars in 24 hours because
[00:02:07] that's just simply not possible. You can't expect to get a 50 bucks and buy extremely high lever proper account and get a payout in 24 hours. You need to be realistic with your situation. And this is the first and most important thing because 99% of traders fail because they have these over overly highly expectations of what they can do with their current situation. If you accept that this is your learning and your building phase, you will get a lot
[00:02:37] further than you can imagine. You need to use these 50 bucks as a tool to test out your strategy, your risk management, your psychological battles that you're going to face. and most importantly your plan. So if you actually execute these things correctly, then you can scale with the small profits that you make with these 50 bucks, whether they're on a prop firm account, whether they're on a personal account, and I'll give this plan for you later, but you need to have
[00:03:01] full clearance and understanding that this is your building moment. This is your learning moment. This is not your scaly moment. If you want to go out to actually catch the big fish, you need to go out on a boat to the deep ocean. You might catch it from the shore, but not with one line, one hook, and one bait. So, now that we got that sour side out of this out of the way, and you're still watching this video, that's a really good sign because it means that you're
[00:03:27] willing to actually make a decision that is going to slowly improve you. So, you earn money from the markets, not make money from the markets. If you're just looking to make money, you will never make money in the markets. You need to earn it the correct way with the plan that I'm going to share with you right now. How to actually execute a correct strategy with 50 bucks. how to scale these 50 bucks to essentially a fortune if you can do this the correct way and
[00:03:50] how to find a pattern that consistently repeats itself in the time and you can use these 50 bucks to practice your entries your scaling in on this pattern so where then you can execute on a bigger account. So with that being said, let's get started. So first things first, this is going to be step one to the actual plan on how to execute with these 50 bucks. Do not overtrade. This is a quality over quantity game. I get it. You want to gain experience. You
[00:04:16] want to take trades. You want to feel like you're in the game. You are not in the game by being in the game. You're in the game by playing the game strategically. And you do that by executing the correct type of trades. Limit yourself to two positions a week. No need for any more of that. And every single one of these positions, you need to risk a certain percentage depending if you go to prop firm account or personal account. I'm going to share
[00:04:42] with that you later down in this video. Write these notes down as key highlevel notes that you can always come back to when you're executing this plan. So, first things first is quality over quantity. Do not overtrade. Now, knowing that you only have 50 bucks to trade with, again, we have limited resources. We have to be realistic with our scenario. Limiting ourselves to one to two positions a week is going to directly by default put us in a category
[00:05:05] of the type of trader that we are. So when you're trading the markets, you are a scalp trader, day trader, and a swing trader. Swing traders typically take one positions, maybe two positions every two weeks. Day traders can take one to two to three, maybe four positions a week, and a scalper can probably take 15, 20 positions a week. You don't want to be a scalper because a scalper is executing too many positions that are low risk-to-reward positions and have a very
[00:05:33] inaccurate win rate because they're just trying to enter a trade that can go in and out of their position within the first couple of hours. You don't want that. You want a strong position. They're following a trend and you're just not looking for an impulse move. So, scalping out of the picture. Swing trading is a great approach, but the problem is you don't want to be holding a position for days, even weeks at a time because it'll take a lot longer for
[00:05:56] this 50 bucks to scale and the fees of holding these trades overnight and holding these trades over the weekend might eat into your current balance. So, it might not make sense. So, we get that out of the picture and then we're left right in the middle with day trading. So, the type of trader that we are going to be or the format of the trader that we are is going to be what's called a inday trader. So it's a trader that trades every other day. So that's where
[00:06:19] we would fall in that category of one to two trades a week. Now an intraday trader enters a position should hit profit within the same day or the next day. You cannot control the market. So if the trade [music] doesn't get there by the end of the day, there's nothing that you did wrong. The market is just simply moving at the rate that it's moving. It's important that you write this down. It's extremely important that you write this down in your notes
[00:06:41] because once you accept that trading becomes a lot easier. You could be following your plan, but you have absolutely no control on how the market's going to react to it. You just have to be patient and let the market do its thing. But we are approaching the markets as a intraday trader. Now, knowing what type of trader you are going to be in the approach that you have, you need to pick a pair that you're going to be trading. Now, there
[00:07:02] is dozens of difference of currency pairs throughout the market. You have your major currency pairs, which tend to be the safest markets. They tend to be the [music] least volatile, low fees and quite predictable. You have the majors, which the majors are also mainstream markets, a little bit of a higher fees, quite predictable, but sometimes you can have these random spikes. And then you have the exotics. Exotics are very volatile pairs. They move very
[00:07:28] aggressive and there's great opportunity, but also great risk. Now, the type of trader that we are trying to be with these 50 bucks, you're not trying to be the most aggressive trader. You want to find patterns that are very predictable. And what I'm going to educate you into this video is a pattern that happens across the entire markets, but you want to limit it to a certain amount of pairs that are the most predictable. So you want to dedicate
[00:07:52] this to the majors, the markets that move very slow and steady and the fees aren't out of this world. So these are the EuroUSDs of the world, GBPUSDs of the world, all of the major currency pairs that are crossorrelating with one another. And this approach is something that we go and we find in every single one of these markets. We don't limit ourselves to one pair because that one market cannot be giving us that one pattern for a duration of 6 months
[00:08:18] because the market is just moving slow. So if we limit ourselves to just one pair, we limit the opportunity of catching this pattern that presents itself. It's almost as if we were to have a very specific approach on how to fish off of a pier. In order for us to fish off of a pier, we need low tides. We need a nice current. And we need for there to be a sunny day. If we limit ourselves to one pier that it doesn't have any of these conditions, we're
[00:08:46] really limiting ourselves to the opportunity to catch a fish. there's hundreds of different peers that we can travel to and look for that specific condition in order for us to go out and fish there. Trading in the markets is no different. If we limit ourselves to one specific market, it can have bad weather for a period of time where we just simply don't trade because the market isn't moving the way it should. So, we don't care about the actual market
[00:09:10] itself. We care about the pattern within the market that whenever it presents itself, it presents itself. But we do want to limit ourselves to the safer markets rather than going to the higher risk markets. It's almost like going to a pier that is very accessible compared to one that you have to go through climb through some rocks and it could be a bit higher risk getting there. So now understanding the actual trader that we're going to be with these 50 bucks.
[00:09:36] What is the plan with these 50 bucks? What do I do? I have $50. I want to make money from the markets. Do I deposit into a broker? Do I get a prop firm? What is a prop firm? Which one's safer? How can I not? Uh, we're about to break things down. Let's get right into it. So, this are your two options when it comes to trading with 50 bucks. First option is you can go to a prop firm. A prop firm you can buy an evaluation process and you can get a
[00:10:01] payout. Or step two, you go to a broker. A broker you trade your own money. You have a bit more leverage on it. You have a bit more freedom, but you really are limited to the type of profits that you can make on it. Now, there's pros and cons to both of these, and I'm going to let you decide the plan for yourself. I'm going to lay options out on the table. You take the information, and you determine what makes the most sense for you depending on your situation. And I'm
[00:10:28] going to tell you what I personally did and what helped me scale. So, first option [music] is prop firms. So, AAP is a prop firm. I flew out to Australia, met the CEO in person, saw their office with over 150 employees running this large-scale operation of a regulated prop firm. If you guys are interested in getting a properform account, discount code down below. This is not an ad at all, but I'm just being realistic because I back their challenges because
[00:10:54] I believe that they have some very cool and creative stuff that would make the most sense for the majority of the traders. So, for example, with 50 bucks, you can really get a two-phase challenge with a $5,000 account. Meaning, you need to pass an evaluation process. You need to have your profit target be 9% for your step one, and then your profit target be 5% for step two. Now, this is quite a lengthy process. I always estimate it should take you anywhere
[00:11:23] from 30 to 45 days to pass a two-step challenge simply because you should take be taking one to two trades a week if you were just to have a basic 50% win rate. If you make 3% then lose 1% make 3% then lose 1% make 3% then lose 1% that's roughly the 9% in about 3 weeks. When you look at it in that math you're like well that's kind of doable. That's pretty realistic. Well, that's just phase one. Then I give you another two to three weeks to then pass phase two.
[00:11:54] So you have a winning position one day, have a losing position the next day. As long as you're profitable and you have a good risk-to-reward, you'll be successful. [music] So that's for the two-phase challenge. You have their custom day trader challenge, which is quite cool in my opinion because you can customize your challenge where you're essentially instantly funded and you get a payout on what you have. So, if all we have is 50
[00:12:20] bucks, we can even break this down to as little as five bucks if you want to, but if you want to risk the entire 50 bucks, this is like getting an instantly funded challenge where you have an evaluation process for a duration of time. So, you either have 1 hour to pass a challenge, a 2hour challenge, a 4-hour challenge, or an 8 hour challenge. All of these challenges, they just slightly get harder depending on the hours that you pick. So, the way it works is that you
[00:12:45] start with a $10,000 starting balance. Whether you decide to risk 50 bucks, 300 bucks, 500 bucks, your starting balance is always a 10k account. You decide how long you want your challenge to be and what you want your payout to be. So, if you pass a challenge, you just get paid out right away. There's no evaluation process. There is no profit split. There is no continuation. It's just you pass it, you get paid, you do it again. Very simple. It's like an instantly funded
[00:13:16] account with a one-time payout option. So, you can choose to either have two times what you decided to put at stake. You can put five times or 100 times. As you can tell, the only thing that changes is how much you get paid out and your draw down and profit target. So, for example, let's say you want to get 2x of what you risked. All you have to do is make $99 on the $10,000 account balance without risking without losing more than 67%. I
[00:13:46] mean, I'm sorry, $67 and then you'll instantly get 100 bucks payout. If you want to go 5x where you would get 250 bucks, you have to make 133 bucks without losing 47. You want a 10k payout, you have to make 239 without losing 40 bucks. So, it slightly gets a little bit harder where you have to make more money without losing as much money. And if you were to change the duration of the challenge, things get easier. If you were to have a 1-hour challenge,
[00:14:15] your profit target is a lot less, but so is your draw down. If you have a higher profit target, your profit a longer challenge, your profit targets a lot higher and your draw down's a lot lower. Just a customizable challenge that I wish I had when I got started trading in my journey. And it's pretty cool. You can mess with it. You can play with it. You can see how it makes the most sense with you. And then you also have what is called the one-step challenge. So I'm
[00:14:39] just laying out the options right now that are right in front of you and you can decide for which one makes the most sense for you. So the other one phase challenge, it's the exact same thing. It's a total profit of 10% and then you have a funded account. So, this the benefit of both of these funded accounts is that you could trade that funded account continuously [music] and continuously get profit splits from it. Day trader challenge is kind of just
[00:15:05] a one-time payout and that's pretty much it. So, the beauty of it is that you get 90% profit split. You can build your custom challenge and [music] you have a lot less risk with a lot better leverage with these 50 bucks. So once you are funded with that $5,000 challenge, let's say for that next month you would make 10%. You would essentially keep nearly 450 bucks from that 10% that you made on the 5,000. So it makes sense to go the funded route. The problem is that you
[00:15:35] can be a profitable trader but still not make money because you can probably make on let's say this onestep challenge you can make a total of five to six% where you're profitable but you enter a small little losing streak or you just break a small rule where you risk too much for a specific session and then you lose your account. Just because you broke a specific rule doesn't mean that you're unsuccessful. By the way, this platform has no hidden rules. I did a whole
[00:16:02] YouTube video on this. So you guys can go check it out. I talked to the CEO, asked all the hard questions, and they answered. They showed us the behind the scenes. You guys want to go check it out, you can see it for yourselves. I did all the hard work before partnering up with any prop firm because I don't want you guys to go somewhere that is not going to be a pleasant journey and you simply just waste your time. So with this prop firm, the problem is that if
[00:16:23] you are a successful trader, it won't show until you get a profit split. That goes for any prop firm and any challenge. Now, when it comes to trading on your own personal account, there's pros and cons. So, these are the trusted brokers that I trade with. If you guys would like to know more about it, link in the description down below. I got it asked every single video. And I feel like sometimes people are blind. Like, it's it's right there, you know? So, the
[00:16:46] beauty of having your own money in your own accounts is that if you were to win that first position that you execute with the 50 bucks, those profits are yours right away. It's not like the prop firm where you have to pass a challenge, do it again, until you get a payout, and you need to just follow these very strict rules. These rules are meant to be in place for you to not break them and be consistent. Now, with the broker, you are pretty much just freefor-all.
[00:17:14] Nobody's holding you accountable. Nobody's setting limits. Nobody's watching or caring what you're doing. you're just taking trades at your own free will, which could be good, but also very bad because we all know when it's us by ourselves in our dark room in London session executing a trade, we tend to just be impulsive. So, there's benefits to this because you have more buying power. So, you get north of 100 of a 1 to 500 leverage using these
[00:17:41] brokers because you can execute trades as if you were to have a $5,000 account and you can have instant withdrawals. So, if your first position with this $50 account, you were to make 25 or 50 bucks, you can withdraw your initial balance and then you're basically playing with the house money. So, at that point, there's nothing at risk. And the beauty and also double-edged sword is that there's no rules. If nobody's watching you accountable, who's going to
[00:18:08] make sure that you're doing things correctly? Nobody but you. And this is a whole other topic, but these are just the options that I'm laying out right in front of you. what I would personally do and this is what I did. I went I got funded. I passed an evaluation process. After I got passed and I got [music] funded, I used those profits and that knowledge and that experience to then use my personal accounts to scale. So, I would personally start with attempting
[00:18:36] to pass a challenge, get funded, get that payout, use those profits to go and trade my personal account. I would not go and use that to go get a bigger challenge simply because you fall in that same realm. You got real money that you just made and you're putting it back into a challenge where you can essentially be profitable but still fail because you broke whatever rule or just because you had a small losing streak where in your personal account you can
[00:19:03] have a losing streak but you can still have your account and have equity in it as long as you did not overlever your account. So, let's hypothetically say that you decide to take the exact same journey that I did. That journey is very simple. You would go ahead and get your first challenge. I would probably get a one-step challenge. So, I would come here, go to the one-phase challenge. I would go and select buy now to get the challenge. And you would use the coupon
[00:19:29] code Alex G20. You would apply that coupon code and you would get discounted the 20% where you're left with $55. almost at the 50 bucks point, but you would get your challenge and you would attempt to pass this evaluation process with the strategy that I'm about to share with you. And once again, you would use this profits that you would make once you're funded to then go back and deposit into your personal accounts and then you scale exactly how I've just
[00:19:56] mentioned. So, with that being said and understanding that plan, let's now go into the actual pattern that we're going to be looking for so we can execute [music] to pass this challenge and then get our payout so we can scale our personal account. Now, we are at the end of the preparation to actually execute the plan with these $50. And the new plan and the new approach begins. The new journey is at this very point right here where
[00:20:20] you're going to execute a very specific pattern [music] continuously throughout the duration of this challenge. and only stick to that. The problem with 99% traders as to why they don't succeed is because they don't stick to a plan. They get tempted. They get FOMO. They get greedy because they just want to take every possible opportunity that they can find in the market. The market rewards the people that make the right decisions, not the ones that execute
[00:20:45] every single decision. You get rewarded for taking the right trade. And this right trade might not present itself right when you're available. might not present itself today or tomorrow or the day after and you need to be patient and wait for this pattern to present itself. You get rewarded for taking the right trade. The challenge is AAP does not care if you are executing as many possible positions as you can can when the hour that you are free to trade.
[00:21:12] They reward you when you win and you win by taking the right trade. And this is the right trade. You just need to be very patient to have this trade appear and execute. So the pattern that we're going to be looking for with this is going to be the famous head and shoulders. So the head and shoulders is going to be the only pattern that you are going to execute when it comes to this account that you're trying to scale with these 50 bucks. You're not going to
[00:21:39] break your plan for anything. Head and shoulders is a very simple pattern and it is what is called a reversal pattern. So this pattern once you are having a bullish markets and you see it means that it's going bearish. Once you're having a bearish market and you see it, it means that it's potentially about to go bullish. So this works very simple. A market that is bullish is heading to the upside. It's creating structure. Let me actually do this right here. A market
[00:22:04] that's heading to the upside is heading to the upside creating highs and lows, highs and lows, highs and lows. And then it'll do a formation like this where might almost come as a disguise, right? Because everything up to this point looks good. This looks like a market that can just easily create another higher high. You can never predict a head and shoulders is forming until it's actually formed. Anybody that anticipates a head and shoulders without
[00:22:32] experience is jumping the gun a little bit and they end up taking the wrong trade and losing. [clears throat] Because in a position like this, it's impossible for you to tell that this next right shoulder is going to be that reversal for this market. This just looks perfect to continue to head to the upside. And that's exactly what this did. This actually continued to head to the upside and create a new high. So this market is very much bullish. Now
[00:22:54] the moment that we create this what is called the potential right shoulder, this is where we start looking to be interested in this position. Now, once we can tell that this impulsive move is not going to create that new high and it's slowing down and it's looking like a head and shoulders formation, this is when it starts spiking our interest and we start looking for this opportunity. Now, we don't enter the position off of the
[00:23:22] right shoulder because that is not a con that is not a confirmed head and shoulders right now. For all we know, this could just be creating more structure here before heading to the upside and you just got faked out because you entered on the position way too early. So, you need to be interested in entering this position once you have a confirmed head and shoulders. How do you have a confirmed head and shoulders, you may ask? Very simple. This market is
[00:23:46] being moved with market structure. This is the higher high point and then this is the higher low point right here. The head and shoulders as if if you guys are paying attention is a reversal pattern. Reversal pattern also means shift of structure, chach, change of direction, change of character, whatever you want to call it. Something went from one direction to the other. And the head and shoulders is only confirmed once you have that change of direction. So once
[00:24:16] this higher low has been shifted and this market goes from bullish to bearish is exactly when this will be a valid head and shoulders. Now this is a bearish market. This turns into the new lower low and this will turn into the new lower high. Now we are game. Now we have an actual head and shoulders pattern. The moment we were inside of this higher low, if we were up to this point right here, we are still not with a valid head and shoulders. This is not
[00:24:51] a confirmed shift of structure, cher, change of direction, change of identity, whatever you want to call it. This is still a bullish market. Looks like a really good head and shoulders, but it's not a confirmed one just yet. Need to wait for the full shift. Then this market turns to bearish. This becomes the new lower low. And after this becoming the lower low, we'll have this turn into the lower high, which is perfect. But now we have a confirmed
[00:25:18] bearish market. Now is when the actual strategy begins, which is our head and shoulders. Up to everything before this, we were waiting for this market to break. [music] Waiting for this to have the push down, have the retracement, have the push down. Now is when we actually [music] start trading. This is where we start to do our analysis and be interested in entering this position. Everything prior to this is just us sitting here twiddling our thumbs and
[00:25:44] just being patient. This is us sitting at the pier with our rod in our hand, no bait on the hook, not casting anything out. We're just sitting there waiting for the current to start moving and for the sun to come out. As soon as the sun comes out and the current starts moving is when we start to prepare ourselves to begin fishing. right there. We were just at the ocean waiting for an opportunity to have our specific strategy where we start casting out our bait where it
[00:26:13] starts to become worth it. If not, we're going to risk losing the bait, which is essentially lost money and it simply makes no sense. Everything up to this point, we're just at the pier. We're at the market waiting for an opportunity for everything to line up with us where we would then to actually start to apply our strategy. It's a very cool perspective when you think about it because fishing and trading really isn't no different. We both have plans on to
[00:26:37] what we would do when it would make sense for us to fish. And I'm sure a lot of people aren't successful fishermanmen because they don't have a plan. They just go out there and throw their bait and never catch a fish. Uh this is exactly why people come to the markets. They [music] just take a trade and don't succeed because they don't have a plan. Right? So it's very very very similar. So now that this market has shifted bearish, we are game. So this is exactly
[00:26:59] where we would then wait for this trade to have this retracement. Come back and retest this neckline of the head and shoulders. And this is where we would then execute our position where we would put our stop-loss and then we would put our takerit and we would just set and forget. Now this strategy can arguably have a 60 to 65% win rate. Sometimes more, sometimes less. Depends how patient you are and how well you execute this pattern. But these head and
[00:27:28] shoulders patterns are very predictable and they happen all the time. So we're going to be trading this on the major currency pairs. And these currency pairs, we're going to be looking for this pattern strictly on the 4 hour. So for this specific strategy, we're not going to take into consideration the higher time frames, the lower time frames, just looking at the 4 hour to execute this trade. So this is where I can just go to one of my more recent
[00:27:51] trades that I took on Euro AUD. And this is a perfect example right here. As you can tell, this market was bullish on the 4 hour. This market was creating highs, lows, highs, lows, highs, lows. We went bullish. So, as you can tell, this right here is the higher high and higher low. This is the high point right here. This is the higher low point right here. And then what we're waiting for is for the market to shift below that higher low. As you can [music] tell, if this is the
[00:28:23] higher low point right here, the market never really shifted into this point right here. So, this is the left, this is the head, and this is the right shoulder. A bit ugly, you know, they all of these aren't super pretty. Some of them are a little bit ugly, and they create a bit more structure, but once you get experience with it, you can see the overall direction happened right in front of you. This market closed below. We shifted, retested, entered this
[00:28:46] position with my stop loss above the wick, my take profit to the next structure point. That is it. That is your head and shoulders reversal pattern formation. And I could have continued to hold this position for a significantly longer trade. But I decided to close at my 1 to2 risk-to-reward. And that's it. And I can just simply scroll left and I'm sure I'm going to find endless opportunities of these head and shoulders that present themselves. This
[00:29:10] is another perfect example right here. For example, this right here is another great head and shoulders pattern. This market was heading to the upside, creating that bullish structure that we're talking about. High, low, high, low, high, low. This is the bullish structure. We shifted. Once we shifted, we retested and we sold. It really is that simple. We are looking for the reversal pattern. We wait for the break, enter on the retest, set, and forget.
[00:29:37] Cannot get any simpler than this. And believe me, I get it. There is hundreds of different approaches that they are out there. You have double top formations, uh ABC patterns, you have uh Fibonacci, like you have so many different types of trading approaches that you could go out and actually execute. But we are not going to use any of those. You need to have ton of vision. This is just you need to be like a horse where you're only looking at one
[00:30:02] specific approach and sticking to that approach every single time you go execute the position and not get distracted with the other opportunities that you're executing in the market because you're only looking for that head and shoulders pattern. I don't care if it's an ABC pattern, if it's a Fibonacci, it does not matter. And once you start to see this, it's almost kind of hard to unsee it. It's like the red car theory. You ever heard of it? red
[00:30:26] car theory where if you buy a red car, you start to see red cars everywhere. And prior to that, you never really paid attention [music] to red cars at all. But now, because you're aware of red cars because you own one, you see them everywhere and you're like, "Dude, everybody has a red car." This is the exact same thing. Now that you're aware of this pattern and to only look at for it in the major currency pairs in the 4 hour, you can just go to any one of
[00:30:49] these major currency pairs and go back. Go back in time. Just pause this video right here or do it after this video and just go back and you're going to see these patterns. You're going to be like, "Wow, I have missed out on so many of these opportunities and I have just been over complicating trading." Yes, you have. It's totally normal. It's part of the game. You're here to make a difference if you're by this point in the video. You just need to be
[00:31:11] consistent to this approach. Now, understanding this very specific setup that you need to be extremely patient for to present itself, execute the trade, and set forget. I want to build for you guys a cheat sheet so [music] you don't forget what you have to be doing. I've seen countless amounts of traders, they start their challenge great, then they get impatient halfway and then they lose it and they start right back at square one. I don't want
[00:31:32] that to happen to you because I want you to succeed and I want to build you a cheat sheet so you can actually follow this. Now, step one on this cheat sheet, I'm going to pop it up right here to this side. First step is going to be to only execute this replicable trade setup. Be very patient. You know, it's that head and shoulders pattern. Wait for that to present itself. If you do not get that trade setup, do not take a trade. You are playing the game by not
[00:31:54] playing the game, but by knowing when to play the game. This is very important that you know this. Next point is going to be to only enter after a confirmation. Do not enter off of an anticipation. If you have the head and shoulders that looks like the most beautiful head and shoulders in the world, if it is not a confirmed head and shoulders, do not execute [music] that position. You need to wait for that position to confirm that you have
[00:32:21] shifted. Next is going to be to use certain psychological levels in your favor. So sometimes when these head and shoulders break, they are psychological levels like for example 80,000 0.80,000 or 1.0000. Every psychological level is extremely key to having a stronger trade. Does it make or break it? It's almost as if you were to go fish and you can almost see the fish, right? It's a doesn't mean that the fish is going to bite your
[00:32:50] bait, but at least you have a better feeling that the odds [music] of you catching that fish are there. So, just because you have to trade under or above the psychological level doesn't mean that you're going to win the trade, but it's slightly better of a confirmation. It's very key to having a higher probability trade setup. Next is going to be your fixed percentaged risk. The most successful traders in the game that have been in the game for 10 years,
[00:33:15] they're not in the [music] game for 10 years because they won big. They're in the game for 10 years because they never lost big. You never lose big if you stick to the risk management that you need to be taking. So have a fixed percentage [music] on your challenge account. Make it a 1% rule. Make it a half percent rule. This is a marathon, not a sprint. You want to earn your money, not make money. Very different points. Next is going to be
[00:33:38] have a minimum of a one to two risk-to-reward. Do not take a trade that is not worth the risk. You don't want to make an even one to one of what you risk. If you risk 10 bucks, you don't want to make 10 bucks. You want to make at least a minimum of 20 bucks. This is a deal breaker when it comes to how well you make back your losses and what will [music] lead you to becoming a consistently profitable trader is how well you recover from those losses
[00:34:02] because losses are inevitable and how much profit is left on the table. So this cheat sheet, take a screenshot, write it down in your own notes, print it out, put it next to your computer, put it as your wall screen, do whatever you have to do so you don't lose track as you're taking this challenge. It is very normal. We are human. As time goes on on week three, week four, you can get a little bit impatient as you're seeing other traders on social media making
[00:34:26] billions of dollars off of taking the same trades as you, and you're in a position there like, damn, I'm just risking 1% on my 5K challenge with my 50 bucks. Well, if you were to have paid attention at the beginning of this video, you need to understand and be realistic with your current situation. Your current situation is temporary. You're not going to be in this situation forever if you follow the plan. If you don't follow a plan, you're going to
[00:34:50] stay in that same negative spiral effect and you're just simply going to be walking on a treadmill and not advance forward. Because the people that are making all this money, they stuck to a plan where they got out of the position that they're in right now and then they eventually earned the position that they're in right now. And you can do that for yourself if you do things correctly. And this is what I do every single week with my students inside of
[00:35:12] my community. I educate them on how to stay [music] consistent with this very same specific approach where they are executing the trades according to the strategy. They're engaging with other community members and most importantly they're taking the same trades that I am taking. If you feel motivated and you feel that you have a plan now to go out to the market and pass this challenge, imagine if you were to also have the same pairs that I am interested in
[00:35:36] trading every single week. Well, you can because I do this every single week with my students where I hop on the famous Sunday swings where I share my top markets that I am interested for that very week. what markets I'm looking to enter, whether it's a major, minor, or exotic, why I'm interested in entering that market, where is my specific entry going to look like, where my stop loss is going to be, where my take-profit is going to be, and then we spend all week
[00:35:59] discussing inside of the community how this trade is playing out. And I even have times where I review trades of my students where I can tell them, hey, you did this wrong here. You did this right here. the odds of you succeeding while having this proper guidance is just very high and very probable of you succeeding. We're here at my trading floor in Miami. I have built a compound where my students only and exclusively come out to the trading floor. They have
[00:36:24] access [music] to funds that they can trade with and also learn here in person, but this is only to my students. If you want to learn more how to potentially be a student, click the link down below in the description and apply. It's off of an applicationbased only and you might have a chance to be part of the community and come out to the trading floor. With that being said, ladies and gentlemen, I hope you guys enjoyed this video, [music] found loads
[00:36:42] of value. If you have to go back and rewatch this video and write down notes, do it. Don't get your challenge. Don't get this account flip and try and do it within the first 24 to 40 hours. Understand that this is a marathon, not a sprint. And if you execute these things correctly for the next 3 to 4 months, you will be in a different position that you're in right now because now you have a plan and a very specific approach. Thank you guys very
[00:37:05] much for watching this video. Hit that like and subscribe button and I'll see you guys in the next
