I'm definitely not the smartest person in the room and I can assure you that because [music] otherwise my story would have not been from Dunkin Donuts to successful trader. It could have been from engineer [music] to successful trader, doctor to successful trader. But what if I told you that precisely that reason is why I am a consistent profitable [music] trader because I trade like an idiot. So that's what we're going to be doing in this video here today. We're going to remove everything that you know about trading, throw it into the bin, and start from scratch with a simple approach that anybody, even an idiot, can literally learn and become successful with. And you're going to stick to this approach until you are consistently profitable with this approach until then you can add new things. Very simple. It's like learning a new language. In order [music] for you to speak the Mandarin language fluently, you would first need to learn the lettering. You would first need to learn how to pronounce the words, then how to read sentences, and then how you can have a fluent conversation after some time that you have practiced it. You have to strip everything down to the bone and learn from scratch the correct way. So that's what we're going to be doing in this video here today. And the main reason why this approach works is because it is extremely simple and people simply overlook it. This is literally one time frame, one setup, one entry rule, and one session. That is it. And I'm going to break down how you guys can use this right now. problem why people don't succeed with this is because they over complicate it with information overload. It's like, oh well, if this time frame says this, what about this time frame? And what about the news events? And what about the crossber correlation? And what about this strategy's entry signal? And what about this this this? They have too much information. And they want to have this external information affect this one simple approach. Trading like an idiot, you don't take any of that into account. You just trade for that one simple approach and stick to it and that's it. I can't stress to you how many times I've reviewed traders trades and they love adjusting their stop- loss. [music] They love having extra confirmations into their position for no reason that they can explain. They love to close their trades early. They love to have negative [music] riskrewards. They love to have everything that literally works against them in order for them to become a profitable [music] trader because they have learned all of this external information that could [music] potentially work for other strategies if they were to just stick to one. But they're bringing this external information to a functional strategy because it is too simple and they're over complicating it and that is why [music] they're not successful because they're adding external strategies to a working strategy because they can't fathom how simple the [music] strategy is going to be. Now step one into learning this strategy that I'm about to break down in this video. We can call it the idiot strategy that simply works. [music] Step one is going to be do not get shiny object syndrome. Yes, [music] you need to be aware and conscious that there is tens of different if not hundreds, [music] thousands of different of strategies out there, different entry signals, different trading approaches, different [music] takes profit stock. There's everything that is difference and you need to accept that and be okay and don't get shiny object [music] syndrome when you don't find an opportunity with this specific approach at the specific [music] day that you want to trade. All you need to do with step one is not get distracted with these other [music] strategies that are out there in the market. be aware that they're there, but you have your [music] own strategy. Like, if you were to get a brand new car, you just got a new car yourself. [music] Yes, there's a thousand different models out there, but those don't matter. What matters is the one that you have, and you need to stick to it. [music] So, what is this car of yours that you just got? You may ask that you should not have any eyes for any other cars on the road. Well, this is going to be the simplest [music] approach that you can possibly have. It's going to be one pair, one time frame, one session, and [music] one entry signal. That is it. If you have these four concepts in order for you to enter a position, you're going to be trading like an idiot. You're going to have the simplest approach in the market. And I can nearly guarantee you, you will be more successful than 99% of the traders that go on YouTube and try to build a Frankenstein of a strategy with all of this information that they know because they simply don't know how to put it all together. And it just won't work. The more things you throw at the chart doesn't mean the more money you're going to make. The simpler you trade, the more money you're going to make because you have one specific approach that repeats itself time and time again. There's a consistency in this approach. So, I'm about to break this down right now for you guys. This is the one strategy that you're going to get married with until you're having small consistent results. Then you can start improving things for larger trades, larger takeprofits, and other options in the market. But you need to have something that works at the core no matter what. And if you don't want to change it or add a different strategy, you don't have to. You can 100% just stick to this. This is more than enough. Let me break it down for you guys. So, moving on to the first step of the actual strategy is picking the first step, which is the pair. So, this step is a bit subjective to how you like to trade. So, there's obviously tens, hundreds, thousands of different markets that you can pick to trade from. And the first step is picking one of these markets. And you need to get married to that one market. Not get the shiny object syndrome. See another market that's having a crazy move and then have this same approach to then that market. Can that work? Yes. But that is not your focus right now. You need to stick to one market, one session, one time frame, and one entry signal. So there's many different markets out there. You obviously have markets like gold for example which they tend to be extremely volatile and they have very fastmoving pairs but also quite heavily influenced by the fundamentals. You have the S&P 500. The S&P 500 is also very heavily influenced by the fundamentals but market is trading kind of by all-time highs. There's a lot of uncertainty. Might not make the most sense to trade there. It might. It really depends what it makes the most sense for you. Then you have other exotic pairs like Euro AUD which these pairs move quite fast very strong pip value moves and there's tens of different of markets just like EuroUSD there's tens of difference of markets just like gold for example that are very very volatile you could trade gas you could trade oil there's just different markets that you can pick from and this really comes down to what type of trader do you want to be you want to be a higher time frame trader want to be a lower time frame trader you want to have very volatile moves are influenced by the fundamentals. Would you rather have moves that just move based off of patterns and what you're seeing in the chart in front of you? For me personally, what makes the most sense is trading off of patterns that are happening right in front of you and not having anything external influence significantly my trade. So that's why if I were to have to pick one market out of all of these markets right here that are in the markets, it would be EuroUSD. EuroUSD might be slower moving in terms of pips, but I can get great risk-to-reward and it's extremely predictable patterns. It's the most volatile in terms of liquidity traded market in the world. So, the cost to take trades on this market are very low. There is very low spreads, very low commissions. It's just a very coste effective market to trade and it would be the market that I would pick from, for example, based off of my experience. And personally, this is the market that I recommend that any beginner that is their first time taking a trading approach like this because again, [music] it's the simplest, most cost effective and you will have yourself seeing these patterns happening very frequently. So, I recommend this to any beginner. Now, moving on to the next step of the strategy is the actual time frame. So, as you guys know, same way how there's tens of difference of markets out there to trade from, there's tens of different time frames to trade on, which is quite interesting this crossorrelation because you could look at the exact same markets in many different scopes. You could look at it with a big scope view. You could zoom in up to every single second that the market were to have a tick from. You know, you can really zoom in as close as the 1 second market, which really is quite unnecessary. You don't need to look at every single second close of the market, every single minute. Truly makes no sense. And you can look as far as every single 12 months where every single candlestick takes an entire year to build, which is quite excessive. And [music] at the beginning for any trader, this could be quite complex because what you're taught and [music] which is the more experienced and advanced way to trade is trading all of these time frames in correlation, which is what's called top- down analysis, which by the way, we have one of those videos that we break it down on this video. You want to see it, just hit that like and subscribe button so you guys can watch many other videos just like this one. But top down analysis is how you trade all of these time frames together, which is a different approach, which is more advanced. And [music] it's not what this video is about. This video is picking one time frame only, which keeps things a lot simpler and will probably even make you more successful because you would just have a [music] very specific approach time and time again. So the higher the time frame you are, keep in mind that the longer the move will [music] take. The lower the time frame you are, the quicker the move you will have. The problem is the higher the time frame, the stronger the confirmation. The lower the time frame, the weaker [music] the confirmation. So these things compensate each other a bit in terms of balancement. So would you rather have slower moving pairs [music] but better confirmation of winning, which you might take one trade a week if that, or would you rather have highpaced trades but more high probability of you [music] taking losses? So you might take three or four trades a week, but you might win two and then win one. And that one that you win makes back both those losses plus a little more. There's different ways on how to balance this scale. And what I found to be the perfect time frame to trade on one specific pair [music] would be the 4hour time frame. The 4hour time frame is that perfect medium from the higher [music] time frame and that lower time frame where you get that stronger confirmation but you can also still get that high pacing move where within the [music] session you can have multiple candlesticks close. So the second step would be picking a time frame. You can pick again any one of these time frames. You can pick the 2 hour, 1 hour, 30 minute. Just keep in mind anything below [music] the 4 hour will be a bit more volatile and not [music] as strong as the 4 hour. Anything above the 4 hour like the day, the week or the month are [music] much stronger confirmations but will take significantly longer to have your confirmation, [music] your entry signal, which we'll be breaking down in just a second. So the 4hour for me is the perfect middle ground. The perfect example that I can show you here is this cell right here for example on EuroUSD. Right? Just keeping it very simple. I know if this if you're a beginner, this might not make sense right away, but I'm just going to show you an example on the 4 out. Right? So, this is a pattern that I like to trade a lot, which is the head and shoulders pattern. You have left head and then right shoulder. So, this is a pattern that happens quite frequently in the market when it tends to be a reversal pattern. So, there's multiple ways to trade [music] this position. You can either take this trade if you were to sell from the neckline of this position. So you can have your stop loss somewhere like this. You can either enter your trade on the retest of the neckline of this position so on. Right? Let's say you'd be looking for this same exact approach on the daily time frame. For example, as you can tell here on the daily time frame if you would have waited for that head and shoulders pattern approach, which is [music] exactly right here. You would have never gotten that right shoulder that would have been created in this market for example. and you would have probably had to have had a much bigger stop loss. If you would have entered this trade right here, your stop loss would have had to have been [music] bigger. And then your risk-to-reward in order for you to get a 1 to2, it would have to been significantly larger. You would have had to have waited 1 2 [music] 3 4 5 days for it to get your take to get to your takerit compared to if you would have taken this trade off of the 4 hour. This is the exact same head and shoulders, the exact same entry. You would have had your stop loss be somewhere above this right shoulder and then your takerit could have been right at this neckline right here for the 1 to2. It would have gotten to this in about 1 day and a half. So you could have waited either 5 days or you could have waited 1 day and a half. It's the exact same direction of the trade. You're only looking for a different stop-loss placement and a different take-profit placement. This way you can either have significantly larger trades or significantly better timing trades where they happen a lot faster. [music] So it really comes down to what approach makes you feel the most comfortable. Some people can't wait 5 days in a position. It's too much [music] time for them. Some people can't even wait a day and a half. That might be too much time for them. So they would have probably had to have gone down to the one hour, for example. And in this example right here, you got [music] another head and shoulders pattern that happened at this high point right here. Left head and then at this right shoulder. They could have taken the trade either at the break of this neckline or at this point right here. The exact same [music] principle with the stop loss would have been applied right here. Stop loss could have been right here. And then [music] this would have been your take profit for a 1 to2. Perfect for example. This would have happened in 10 hours. The problem that people start having now is when they're seeing these trades, they're like, "Well, I could have a one hour entry approach, but then have a day trade takeprofit." No, that is a big mistake. And you do not want to do that because if you're taking a day trade entry, you stick to a day trade takerit. If you're taking a scalp or an intraday trade, you stick to a scalp or an intraday takerit. Don't crossorrelate both of them because what will end up happening is you'll let a massive winning position for your time frame that you're trading turn into a losing position because you're looking for too [music] much profit. Take your trade on the one specific time frame on the one specific pair and that is it. Now that you have the pair that you are interested in trading in that correlates the most with you and you have the specific time frame that you're looking to enter this position, you now need to have a very specific session as when you're going to take this trade. Now, keep in mind this session correlates directly to the actual markets that you're going to be trading. So, for example, if you're going to be trading gold or you're going to be trading the S&P 500, that's pretty significantly impacted in New York session because as soon as the New York Stock Exchange opens, the S&P 500 moves with the majority of the US dollars, [music] not so much in London session. A pair like gold, you pretty much have it volatile throughout the entire correlation and and crossover of London to New York. [music] And there's other pairs like GBPUSD which they quite have the impact significantly more on London session because the [music] great British pound is impacted then a pair like Euro USD for example if I were to pick a session to take a trade on this pair I would stick to London session because and really I would just do London session if it were to be any market in the industry because you would have the benefit of both of the sessions crossover. So, as you guys can see right here, this is the time zones of when you have [music] more and less volume in the market. The lighter the color is, for example, like over here, you have less volume means that the trade in order for it to get to your takerit will be [music] a lot less. It's going to take a lot longer. It's more expensive to trade, and there's just no real volatility in the market. No volatility equals no trades or no movement in the market. The more volatile you have the market, the more movements in the market, the better odds you have of the trade, hitting your takeprofit a lot faster. Our goal here is to simply make money as fast as we possibly can. So, we want to be in the most volatile moving markets. People always try and find a reason to take a trade outside [music] of the session. And it's just very simple. Do you want to make money or no? You do. Okay. You're trading in a time when there's no money being moved. Nobody's going to is going to make any money. take a trade at a session where there's money that's being moved, you're going to make money. It's very simple, but people try and well, what if I can figure out a way on how to make money in that session? Don't figure out a way how to make just forget about it. If there's no volatility there, leave it to the side and focus on what [music] matters. And what matters is these darker sessions because there is a lot more volatility here. So, I would look to take a trade either one or two hours before London session. So it' be right around here like 1 2 in the morning my time zone EST. Hold the position throughout all of London session and then as soon as New York and London session have this crossover, this is where you would have the most volatility in the market and then hold it throughout that session if needed for it to continue to get to my take-profit. So I would suggest to always stick to London session. But if you're trading a pair like the S&P 500 and pairs that are significantly impacted primarily by the US, then stick to only trading New York session. Don't look for a reason to take a session to take a trade out of session. You take it before during that session. And if it hasn't hit your takerit and there's still significant influence that it can get to your takerit, hold it throughout that session, wait for the next session to kick in and simply wait, stick to your plan, set it, forget. So if not, I would have London session because you just have the benefit of both. You're basically entering a trade late if it has the opportunity of having some volatility during London session if you would limit yourself to only taking the trade during New York session. So this approach is quite simple and you would be surprised how many people would overlook this and still find a reason to enter a position out of these sessions and make it make sense for whatever reason. Do you hold a position that you entered in London session throughout Sydney and Tokyo if it has not reached to your takerit? Yes and no. Yes, if the market is giving you all the possible indications that it could still continue to go to your takerit, just didn't have enough time there. No, if you're in a losing position and the weekend is coming up and you're halfway through your stop loss, I would probably close before the market closes because when market opens on Sunday when the spreads are quite high, that could simply take you out at a loss because of the spread. So, you would want to hold throughout the session if it hasn't hit your takerit in that session if there is still indication that that trade could make it to your takerit once the next session kicks in. Perfect example is let's say I would take a trade on Tuesday London session. I hold the [music] position throughout all this session here with the crossover of New York and then the trade is halfway to my take profit. Hasn't had enough momentum to get there but it's going in my favor. I say okay you know what I'm going to continue to hold this position throughout this Sydney and Tokyo session until London session kicks in once again which it should push my trade that other half that it has left to get to the takerit. If the trade is halfway through your stop loss but it's still rejecting, I would still also continue to hold. So this approach is quite simple but quite complex to traders because they just can't understand [music] the art of doing nothing in trading is actually doing something. Letting the trade run, letting the trade breathe is literally doing something. It's almost as if you were to go fishing and you were to hook a live bait on [music] your hook and you would cast it out and you just let the fish swim until sadly a bigger fish comes and eats it. That time that the fish is swimming throughout the ocean is doing something. You're not doing anything. You're just sitting there on the boat holding the rod, letting the fish swim, [music] waiting for another fish to come eat it. You are actually doing something by [music] doing nothing. You're letting the fish go into the wrong territory until it gets eaten. And that's where you will then bring in the bigger fish. That's exactly what this is [music] like. You're letting the trade swim. You're letting the trade run until then it gets to your takerit. And lastly, and definitely not the most least, is the entry signal. The entry signal is what ties [music] all of this together and it basically makes it a trade. You can have the perfect pair that you stick to. You can have the one time frame you stick to, the one session you [music] stick to, but you need to have that one entry reason as to why you're going to be entering the [music] position in the first place. This entry confirmation is quite literally the most important thing that you need to stick to consistently. Now, there's tens of different confirmations and entry signals out there. You have bullish engulfings, bearish engulfings, morning stars, evening stars, dogey rejections, shooting stars, the book goes on. You can literally just go on Google and type in candlestick rejection entry signals and you're going to get a booklet full of different ones. Now, this one is quite peculiar in terms of the selection of it because it would really come down to what entry signal do you like the most? Which one do you see the most significant on with this specific market? And this is where you would need to do a little bit of back testing and go back and do a little bit of your research and see which one connects the most. If I were to recommend you an entry signal and an approach to stick to every single time, no matter what, doesn't matter what day it is, what week it is, what pair it is, what session it is, it would come down to these entry confirmations. And that is going to be the bullish and bearish engulfing candlestick confirmations. As you can tell, an engulfing candlestick or what the word engulf means is just when something engulfs something, right? When it's bigger, the next candlestick in order for you to enter the position needs to engulf the last candlestick. The more candlestick it engulfs, [music] the better. For example, if I were to be interested in entering this position as a buy, this would be a beautiful bullish engulfing candlestick. This one candlestick engulfed the last 1 2 3 four candlesticks. [music] For example, I can continue to go this way. This is a bearish engulfing candlestick. has engulfed the last one and two candlesticks. This looks like a bullish candle, but it didn't really engulf anything other than this small candle. Down over here, this is not a bullish engulfing candlestick. Up over here, this is a bearish engulfing candlestick that engulfed these last four or five candlesticks. [music] This is a bullish engulfing pin bar candlestick, which just engulfed one candlestick, [music] which is this last red candle right over here. This beautiful bearish engulfing candlestick engulfed the last 10 candlesticks. [music] This bullish engulfing candlestick right here engulfed this entirety of this consolidation. The better you have when it comes to an engulfing candlesticks is [music] the better it can eat the majority of the candlesticks to the left. This right here is probably my favorite type of engulfing candlestick simply because what you have here is one candlestick that has eaten the last [music] 10 candlesticks. has struggled significantly to break through this area. So this is the 1 hour time frame. For example, we're here 1 2 3 4 5 6 7. So 10 hours you were stuck in this area and then [music] this one candlestick eight out of that 10 hours. That gives me pretty strong indication that it [music] makes the most sense to take this position to the upside. Quite literally that simple. You could have had a trade play out in your favor. Now, to summarize everything, we've talked about having the exact pair that you should be interested in trading and sticking to it and not trading any other pair. Having a one time frame that quite [music] makes the most sense for you, where you are in your life, your work, your routine. Then having a very specific session, which you look to [music] enter this trade at all times, and then an entry signal. Now, I want to tie all of this together for you guys just to show you how simple this approach is and how all you have to do is just wait. [music] That's it. wait for this specific approach to present itself. So for example, here we have the first step which is [music] having one market. In this example, we have Euro USD. So first step is done. Second step is going to be having the time frame. So in this specific example, I decided to pick the 4hour time frame. Second step is already done. So I'm looking for entries on the 4hour time frame. So I need to understand where this time [music] frame is headed. Is this time frame headed to the upside? Is it headed to the downside? And quite very simply, you can tell that this market is currently headed to [music] the downside. In order for you to determine that, you would need to learn how to read market [music] structure. This market structure is currently bearish. A lot of people might have gotten this answer wrong if they would have not known how to read market structure. But I'll just summarize it very fast. This at one point was the higher high. This right here was the higher high. And then this right here was the higher low right here. This was the high and the low in the market, right? If I were to show you this market like this, that would have been a very clean higher high and higher low, right? This is this literally looks like this over here. Higher high and higher low. Then we broke below that higher low, shifting that market to now being bearish. So, this market structure is now bearish. Perfect. I've identified that this market structure is bearish. Now, I need to be looking for sells. So this is where I would then be interested on my next confirmation which is going to be my entry signal. So I already know what session I need to be looking for this trade pre-London session London session. Now I need to look for my entry signal. So this is a pattern that's popping up here. For example, I'm seeing a head and shoulders left head right shoulder that's forming right here. What I would need to wait for is for either it to break that right shoulder come back and retest it for me to be interested in selling. So, as you can tell, it's right now forming that right shoulder. Now, we have confirmed broken that neckline. And I want to wait for that retest. And my entry confirmation on that retest would be my engulfing candlestick right here. This is where I would have my bearish engulfing candlestick. My stop loss right here. And then my take profit could be this next structure point that's running around right here to the left. And then quite literally that simple is exactly how you would have a trade play out. You're just watching the direction of the market. You're following that direction of the markets and you're waiting for your engulfing candlestick in the direction that you have identified already. It quite really is that simple. The most important thing is just being patient and waiting for these very specific approaches to present themselves and sticking to it time [music] and time and time again. And every single Sunday, I break down the top markets that I am interested in trading for the week with my students. I let them know why this market should have a direction this way compared to this way. What are the reasons that I'm looking to enter a position to the upside? Where should I be looking to enter the position to the downside? I have a community with very successful traders that we do this every Sunday with and we review their trade setups because mistakes are inevitable in trading and the way for you to scale [music] and learn is by knowing exactly what you did wrong. And I was in that position before like how I told you guys at the beginning. If I would have been a perfect success story, I would have gone from engineer to doctor to trader because I'd be a genius. But no, I went from Dunkin Donuts to successful trader because I learned from [music] zero. And I learned from my mistakes, but I was mentored by someone that understood how I made these mistakes and told me what's right from wrong. And I do this every single week with my students that I share the top trades that I'm interested in trading. You get to get access to my strategy if you're part of my community and much more. You want to learn how to be part of my community and have me mentor you and review your trade setups to make sure that what you're doing is correct, DM me the word Sunday swings on the Instagram that the link will be down below in the description of this [music] video and we'll make sure that we can optimize your trading for what your routine looks [music] like depending on where you are in the world, which is the most customizable benefits of trading that you can have a specific approach depending on who you are where you are in the world. So, if you guys want to know more about this and become a successful trader, click the link down below. DM me the word Sunday Swings on the Instagram down below. And I hope you guys enjoyed this video. Hit that like and subscribe button and I'll see you guys in the next one. See you guys.