[00:00:14] I have traveled across the globe for you guys. I've came all the way to Australia to find the right prop firm for you guys. [music] And these weren't my intentions originally. About 4 weeks ago, I made 700k on FOMC and this position had the potential to make two, three million dollars. I just cut it short. And I did a viral reel that was basically calling out any trader that could out trade me. Not going to lie, it was a little bit of
[00:00:42] an impulsive decision with this post, but I was very confident in my decision. If you believe that you can out trade me, come to my trading floor, and please out trade me. And in the middle of all that, I got thousands of DMs that a lot of people said that there is an unfair advantage to the way I trade and the regular trader that is just trading their own couple of hundred, maybe even their own couple of thousand dollar account, that
[00:01:06] they could never out trade me because there's a giant enormous gap [music] and lack of capital. They could never out trade me because they just don't have the capital that I do. And that got me thinking a little bit and I realized how disconnected I am from the access that I have to the capital right now. I've been trading for 7 years now, about going on 8 years now, and I haven't really came across the idea of a lack of capital. Like that doesn't really come across my
[00:01:34] mind because I've had capital for a very long time before I worked here at Archer. So, you guys put me on a mission to find the right prop firm to work with. A prop firm that has no hidden rules, a prop firm that has no consistency rules, that's regulated, and it has a real team behind that it's not just a couple guys in their home office just building a business. It's a real team behind this, so there's strategies with the data that
[00:01:58] you use. And you fast forward 4 weeks and I'm here in Australia, where I have gone to the office of one of the industry leading prop firms, and I have asked all the hard questions as to what makes this prop firm different and why should traders trade on it. So, when I were to host a trading competition with traders at my trading floor and someone can attempt to out-trade me, they have a fair equal edge exactly how I think. So,
[00:02:23] it is a little surreal that I am here in Australia right now, and this is a decision that was made in like 2 or 3 weeks, because I was literally at Jake Paul's ranch celebrating July 4th, 250th anniversary of America, having a great time, and I left that celebration early to come to Australia and do this 26-hour journey here. Because I can't imagine being in a position right now where traders have such a massive opportunity in front of
[00:02:51] them, where they can really make a full living out of trading and they don't have to go to work. They don't have to continuously be in debt. They don't have to listen to someone or go clock in somewhere. They can just learn a skill set, use somebody else's money, and make a living out of it. And I I simply cannot fathom that traders would spend 2 3 months attempting to pass a prop firm account, and what would happen is these prop firms would deny
[00:03:16] them from a payout, or they would just breach their accounts with these hidden rules. And I wasn't really fully aware of this because I just simply don't trade prop firm accounts. I've been trading personal accounts successfully for the last 4 years and I've scaled like that. And realizing this and that it's been a very big bottleneck in the industry and as to why majority of traders can't succeed, it's because it's almost like if they're being set up for
[00:03:40] failure with the way these prop firms are set up with all these hidden rules, and basically everything set out basically to get them. And when this This brought to my attention in this scope of the last four weeks. I I almost had like a what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] moment because how can traders spend so many hours learning how to trade, putting in the work to understand a skill set, and at the end of it when they go put that skill set to the test, they don't get
[00:04:05] rewarded for it because a prop firm wants to have more profit margin? That didn't make any sense to me. I found it extremely unethical. So, that's where the motive and the drive for this really became it it it just lit a fire in me to actually do this the correct way. And it's almost like a full circle moment because when I started in trading, I started trading personal accounts. I tried to become a successful trader
[00:04:28] flipping these small accounts, and when I had a big flip, I would consider that I was profitable and successful, and I was very wrong. That was not the case at all. That's not how you become a successful trader. It's building consistent profits, and I stumbled across a prop firm. I took 20, 30 different prop firms. I blew them. I'll give you guys the story now, but the the backbone of my success is learning how
[00:04:51] to pass a challenge, and when I pass it, I get paid. I could I I I just can't believe that traders are in a world right now where they pass a challenge, and there is an uncertainty that they might not get paid. &gt;&gt; [music] &gt;&gt; So, when I mention that I really get and understand what you guys are going through, I mean very much so. When I started and I came across trading, I was a fresh high school
[00:05:23] graduate, and I went to college. So, I was in community college out of commitment for my parents. So, I'm sure like many of you guys out there, if you don't have a college degree for your parents, you're technically a failure. And the problem is that our parents don't understand that the way things how they used to work back in the day aren't how things work nowadays. You don't need a degree to be successful in life or to be somebody in life. You can figure out
[00:05:51] different ventures that make money. So, I struggled with that communication back and forth with my parents, but to avoid the arguments, my 18-year-old self fresh out of high school, I said, "You know what? I'm just going to go to college, make my parents happy, and I'll figure out what I want to do later." Halfway through the semester, I'll never forget my professor came up to me. I was half asleep sitting on my desk, and he said, "Hey Alex, look. Just letting you
[00:06:16] know, no hard feelings, but if you were to ace every single test from this point forward, you would still fail. So, it's better if you don't come back." And I sat there, and I was like, "What do you mean? If I were to ace every single test, I failed. So, does that mean that I would have to start again? Do I get a different try at this? Can I go to summer school?" He basically looked at me. He's like, "No. You failed. You have to come back next
[00:06:40] semester. You just wasted your time." Now, at that point, I got into a little bit of panic because I just didn't believe that I had to go up to my parents and tell them, "Hey, Mom, Dad, I failed college, and I don't plan to go back." That conversation frightened me because, like many of you guys may experience if you have Latin parents or immigrant parents that go to the United States, they risk everything that they had back in their home country
[00:07:07] to give their kids an opportunity to succeed. They do everything for the kids. So, my dad went to America in a raft from Cuba with 7 days stuck at sea, very similar to my mom's story. And my dad, all he cared about was that I went back home with a degree. And if I didn't go back home with a degree, I was a failure. So, for the rest of the semester, I decided to not tell my parents, and I would just still continuously go to
[00:07:32] campus, but I would sit around the library, the lunch area, and figure out what solution I was going to tell my parents that I came up with as to why I dropped out of college and how I was going to be successful. But the biggest problem was that I really only had about 3 months to figure out what I was going to tell my parents because they had my location and like many of you guys know, if again, you are coming from an immigrant family, they want to make sure
[00:07:58] that their kids are going to school, doing what they're supposed to be doing and my parents were tracking me on my phone. So, I would still have to go to campus every single day. Until one day, I was sitting in the library near the lunch area and one of my high school friends named Brian. He came up to me and he was like, "Hey, what's up, bro? Haven't seen you since high school. I actually did not join at the first part of the semester because I've been
[00:08:22] working on this journey of an entrepreneur that was going to make me rich." And I'm like, "Well, it kind of sounds like what I need right now. So, tell me a little bit more, Brian." Brian sits down, we chat back and forth for about an hour, 2 hours, and then he tells me what he's doing. And he tells me that he's trading. So, this is how I came across trading. I came across trading from my friend
[00:08:45] Brian. And Brian says to me, "Hey, look Alex, just to let you know, there's a group of us that we're going to meet up at a different college where we're going to talk about trading and different opportunities in the market that can make us money this week, next week, and then next month. You're going to learn how to trade." I'm like, "Really? How much is it going to cost?" At this time, 2018, 2019,
[00:09:04] trading wasn't super popular. It was still very early days. You didn't really see much on social media. You heard about it, but it wasn't in your face like how it is today. And I decided, "You know what? Let's do it. When do we have to go?" He said, "We'll go tomorrow." So, the next day, proceed to meet Brian and all of his trader friends at this next college campus and when I get there, there was probably 80 other people.
[00:09:31] And honestly, this was kind of cool at first because I'm like, "Wow, I'm not the only kid fresh out of high school that doesn't want to go to college and wants to figure out a different way how to make money." So, it was very cool seeing other people that were like-minded and that understood me, because in the other college campus, I was just being around regular people that what they did was go to school, get the degree, and set themselves up for
[00:09:56] 9:00 to 5:00, and they were miserable at life, and they didn't have big aspirations. I've always wanted to be hyper-successful and live a luxurious life. And I never forget that when I get there, I see other like-minded people, but it wasn't the entire truth. When I got there, we didn't talk about trading once. Everybody was talking about recruiting people and signing people up. And at first glance, I'm like, "Well,
[00:10:22] maybe we need to recruit more people, so more people look at the charts, and we can find better opportunities." And I didn't know I was walking right into one of the biggest multi-level marketing schemes that the industry had seen at that time, which was iMarkets Live MLM. Majority of you guys watching this video right now probably have no idea what this is. And if you do, you're an OG, and you guys probably went through the exact same thing as me.
[00:10:46] But what this company consisted of was just bringing people on board to pay a monthly subscription to just bring somebody else on board, and it was a multi-level tier, and the catch was trading, which is a very attractive product for people to go out and cold call people to sell. I was there for about 2 to 3 weeks, tried to figure out if anybody in this circle knew how to trade. Nobody knew how to trade, and I left the whole MLM
[00:11:13] multi-level marketing scheme, because I just did not want to do that. I wanted to learn how to trade, because I saw the opportunity of trading was right there in front of me, but I didn't know how to learn at that point, and nobody there cared to learn, because everybody was so focused on signing up more people. So, what I did was take that moment of realizing what trading is and the opportunity that it has, and then I
[00:11:39] started figuring out how to do it myself. I went back to the other college campus with about 30 days left before the semester ended, and I would sit at the same exact spot every single day in the library opening up dozens of YouTube videos, Reddit reports. I was looking on Google, I was looking on forums, any possible way for me to understand how trading works and how I can figure out an edge. I spent hours watching scalping videos, day trading videos, swing
[00:12:11] trading videos, institutional anything that was on the internet, I was watching. And all of this until I finally took my first trade. And I never forget, I took my first trade on I think it was a $50 account that I deposited. And these $50 that I deposited from the moment that I clicked the position, I was already in drawdown. I was in a loss.
[00:12:35] Automatically panicked. I was probably in drawdown a couple cents. And I panicked. I immediately closed out the position and said, "I'm already losing money and I haven't even done one day of trading." Well, I didn't know at the time that there was a cost to trade. You have spread, you have commission, and the problem was that I was by myself. I was self-teaching myself and self-learning myself. And whatever
[00:12:59] mistake that I made, I had to figure out if it was a mistake for good or for bad. And from what I remember, I think that trade that I took would have made me a little bit of money. I don't really remember specifically, it was a very long time ago. But what I do remember is taking another trade and another trade and another trade until I eventually blew my account. And that was not my first account that I
[00:13:21] blew, but that was my first loss. And And said, "You know what? It's fine. 50 bucks, it's not a big deal. I got some savings. Worst case, I can ask my parents for a little bit of money saved for school, saved for something, and I'm sure I could get it." I wasn't worried about the 50-dollar loss at that time. Because I've always had an entrepreneur mindset where I understand that you have to put something at risk to get
[00:13:43] something. So, I'm like, "Okay, I'll lose these 50 bucks because the next trade that I take will make me back 50 bucks." It's almost like that gambler's fallacy that needs to lose two times in order to win, like if there is some type of system behind it. And then came the second loss, then the third loss, fourth loss, fifth loss. And the losses didn't stop. Faster than I realized, I had lost
[00:14:10] probably 5,000 dollars. Now, at this point in my journey, I'm still in college, not going to college for a degree. I'm going because my parents are tracking my location, and I need to show them that I'm still going to school. And I'm on a time clock because I need to figure out a solution to tell my parents what I'm doing and why I didn't graduate college when I had to go get my diploma, why I don't have a diploma. And I remember at this point where I was
[00:14:38] so committed to this journey that I had no other choice but to continue to do this. I had to continue to trade in order to at least make back this loss because there's no way I was going to waste two, three months of my journey and then just simply waste it and not make anything back out of it. So, then I proceed to lose 5,000 dollars, 10,000 dollars, 15,000 dollars. And then I was negative 28,000 dollars.
[00:15:07] This is money that I had from my savings account. This is money that I had from my parents' account. This is money that I got on credit cards. 28,000 dollars I I negative in my trading. And I remember at this point, I was scared because obviously that's a lot of money, but at no point that I doubt that I was going to make it back. I didn't know if it was going to be through trading or if it was going to be somewhere else, but I knew I was going to figure out a way how I was
[00:15:35] going to make this money back. Now, this changed from oh, I need to show my parents that I'm successful with something and I need to exchange the college degree with this other business. No, I I first need to make this money back. So, my my entire focus shifted towards that. And that's when I came across prop firms. So, let me explain how prop firms changed things for me entirely. [music] Shall we? So, $28,000
[00:16:08] of a loss later and working at Dunkin' Donuts, I knew I needed to find a solution how to do this and it had to be done through trading. So, this is when I was working at Dunkin' Donuts just to start slowly recovering, making back this loss, but I did the math. It would have taken me 2 years to make this back. And this is where everything changed. While working at Dunkin' Donuts, I came across a prop firm.
[00:16:35] This is when prop firms were not a thing, right? Everything was very skeptical in the industry because it was the first time anybody's ever used it. And the way a prop firm worked back then, [music] it was very simple. Two steps. Step one, make 10% in 30 days. Step two, make 8% [music] in 60 days. And you have 8% stop loss, 10% stop loss, and that is it. Very simple, but nobody has ever really done it. And like the novice trader that I was at
[00:17:04] the time and that I was willing to take a risk, I went and took my first challenge being at $28,000 in drawdown. So, imagine being in a loss, working at a 7:00 to 3:00. I didn't work a 9:00 to 5:00. I actually I believe is the hardest schedule, 7:00 to 3:00, cuz you have to wake up at 5:30 in the morning, 6:00 in the morning to make it to work by 7:00. And I realized that when I took this challenge, I understood what trading
[00:17:31] was, but I didn't have an edge in the market. I wasn't profitable at the time. I understood how to identify certain key points, why the market is heading up, why it's heading down, but I was still very much a student of the game, very early student of the game. Took my first 100K challenge, like every novice trader would do. I'm sure you guys have made the same mistake, that the first account you want to get into the prop firm wants to be [music] the
[00:17:57] biggest account, because you want to manage the most amount of money the fastest way possible. &gt;&gt; [sighs and gasps] &gt;&gt; And that was probably the biggest mistake, because I had just come from losing $28,000 on small increments, you know, $500 deposit here, $1,000 deposit here, $2,000 deposit here, $500 deposit here. And I never really understood what it was to trade larger accounts. So, when I got my first 100K account, and I
[00:18:24] took my first position that I risked $2,000, I I was so dumbfounded when I lost those $2,000, because I thought the game was over at that point, because that's what the entire size account was for my personal account. But then when I realized that it was only 2% of the big account, kind of opened my eyes a little bit. I'm like, well, the more money you have in trading, the less dollar amount you could risk to make a high dollar amount. It's on a
[00:18:53] percentage game. This is where things started to change. Obviously, my first account blew it. Straight up from the second trade, I risked all of it, blew the account. But it's fine, because it opened up my eyes to something else. More money equals less risk dollar-wise, which means better type of trades. Slowly started to understand what it was to be somewhat of a profitable trader. And then I'll never forget, I ended up
[00:19:20] probably blowing 10 more challenges and this is in a ratio of probably a month. And probably on month three or month four, I made a little bit of money on personal accounts, did a little bit of side hustles here, worked two jobs. I worked at the fair riding people on bicycles from the fair to their parking spot. Washed cars, worked at Crocs, did so many different types of side hustles to just make more money so I can bring
[00:19:48] down that depth and figure out a way on how to tell my parents again that I am not going to college and that I am going to be trader. Keep in mind, I still haven't seen any profit from trading. So, this is where about two and a half years into the journey. So, I was about a year and a half two years losing just personal accounts and then I was six months trading prop firm accounts.
[00:20:12] I finally passed the challenge. So, around month five of trading prop firms, I passed stage one. So, I was four to five consecutive months just losing challenge after challenge after challenge, but always getting slightly a little bit closer and making a different mistake than what I did the last time. But most importantly, I would simply [music] bring out my notepad, write it down, and not do it the next time. When you learn from so many of your losses
[00:20:37] and so many lessons, it will get to the point where things will start to turn if you are smart enough and you actually apply the lessons that you have learned. So, around month four or month five, I passed my stage one, passed my stage two, and I get to the funded stage. I almost get to the funded stage and I was confused. I couldn't believe that I was finally a funded trader on a 100K account. But I almost treated it as if it wasn't
[00:21:03] super important. And what I did was just continue to trade. What ended up happening after that is what changed everything for me. I made $28,000 on that 100k account. I took a continuous repetitive exact same position. I took GBP NZD breaking out from the all-time lows. I'll never forget that. I have pictures, screenshots on my phone. I was taking
[00:21:27] continuation trades on USD JPY, continuous breaking retest, and just holding, settling for getting letting the trade run. And in that month, it it it almost turned into a game of just predicting the market, and the money was just following. But I was doing this almost numb to the money because it almost it almost didn't feel real because I had just failed so many challenges and blown so many accounts that it was just numbers
[00:21:54] on the screen. It was exciting because yeah, I was being right, but I I almost didn't think I was going to get the payout. I just said, you know, I'm I'm actually getting good at trading. And you fast forward seven of these different trades with 1:4 risk-to-rewards where everything perfectly lined up, and I was in profit I think I was in profit like $35,000. And then I get my profit split. I
[00:22:16] request it, excited, still getting ready for this to potentially not work, and the money hits my bank account. Exactly what I was in debt is exactly what I just got in a payout in 1 month. When I made $28,000 in a single month, everything entirely changed for me. This is where I'm like, okay, I don't need Dunkin' Donuts ever in my life again. I don't need to go work at Crocs. I don't need to go ride people on
[00:22:44] a bike from the fair to their parking spot. I just need to do what I just did right now in trading and do it again. And the next month, I decided to take that same approach, use those exact same principles, and I did it again. Had another profitable month, had another payout, and at this point in my journey is where I knew I was going to be a trader. And I'm still working at Dunkin' Donuts.
[00:23:09] I'm still telling my parents that I'm going to college. I wanted to have a very strong safety net because in a Cuban household, if essentially you don't go to college, you're a failure. Your parents don't want you at the house. They're not going to kick you out of the house. They're not going to boot you. They would just force you in an uncomfortable way where you would almost leave yourself. And I had to prepare myself for that because I
[00:23:35] knew I would have I'd have to go live by myself. I would have to pay rent and have my own bills. So, I changed my goal from telling my parents, "Hey, I didn't go to college. I did not get a degree. And I failed essentially to I need to save up 12 months of my monthly expenses. So, when I do go have that conversation, I'll tell Hey, look. Don't worry. I've been working on this. I have money. I'll show them in my bank account. And if they don't believe me,
[00:24:05] I'll make the step and move out and show them that I'm committed. So, my motive changed to instead of figuring out a plan to what I was going to do. Like this was the plan. It It almost unfolded right in front of me. And a lot of people, a lot of the time, they want to plan their life. They want to plan their journey, what they want to do, their purpose, you know, and all that's great to have goals and have organization in your life, but sometimes
[00:24:32] the best things just happen right in front of you and then you just need to realize it and make the most out of it. So, I'll never forget. I think I have saved up 40, 50 thousand dollars in my bank account. I'm still working at Dunkin' Donuts at this point. Still having to deal with my boss. And on my third payout, I think I roughly got I think it was like 10,000 dollars on my third payout. I decided to do an
[00:24:57] expedited withdrawal. At the time you could do that. And uh what ended up happening was that I wanted to double down on the account, make more risk so I can get to that 100k. And I blew my funded account. So, I was profitable [music] for 3 months, withdrawing every single month, paying back my debt, and having savings account. So, when I go talk to my parents, and [music] I blow my funded account.
[00:25:22] When I blew my funded account, I almost didn't think it was real. Like, wait. I'm like the best. I just was profitable for 3 months that every single trade is going in my favor. How did I just blow it? That's where I had the moment of realization. I'm like, oh, this doesn't mean just because you are a funded trader that you're profitable for life. Doesn't mean this is this is not like college. Like, once you get a
[00:25:47] diploma, once you get your degree, doesn't mean that you are now that person forever. This is very different. You can be a profitable trader today, and you can be an unprofitable trader tomorrow if you start to break your rules and do things that an unprofitable trader doesn't do. I'm like, whoa. Okay, that was a moment of realization. My ego, my emotions got to me at that point because what happened is I got overconfident. I
[00:26:10] thought I was an invincible, and I thought that once you get that title of being an a profitable trader that that holds forever. No, you can definitely lose that if you're doing the wrong things that didn't lead you to get to that very point at that very time. So, at this point, probably have $60,000 saved up. Try some more prop firm accounts, blow two three more of these accounts. Start to feel a
[00:26:35] little bit shaky in the journey, and I decide to just put some money into my personal account at the same time that I trade the prop firm accounts. Pass a prop firm account, scale a little bit my personal account, and then eventually get another payout about 2 months later, and I reach the point where I have $100,000 in profit. Now, that change that I went from profitable to unprofitable was very short-lived because I knew exactly what I did to be
[00:27:01] a profitable trader, and I knew the exact mistakes that I did that led me to be an unprofitable trader again. All I had to do was just switch right back to what I was doing. Sticking to my risk management, taking quality over quantity trades, pro-trend trades, no counter-trend trades, and most importantly the risk management. Not trying to chase that million-dollar day right from the start when you don't have the account that backs it.
[00:27:27] So, got back, funded account, got another payout, and got to the point where I saved about dollars, which was lit way more than what my monthly expenses were at the time. And the time came to tell my parents my plan, or what I had been doing. And this is where things changed a little bit. And believe [clears throat] me, this was kind of expected. &gt;&gt; [sighs]
[00:27:56] &gt;&gt; So, my parents had to tell my parents that I was not going to college for the last couple of months. I had failed, but I had figured out a different way to make money. Now, my parents did not hear anything other than I did not go to college. I did not care that I was making money, did not care that I was doing a business. They had no interest in any of that. And they have even less interest when I
[00:28:22] told them what I was doing was trading. They looked at me like if I was speaking Chinese. Trading, what is that? Is that la bolsa de valore? Cuz my parents don't speak English. It's like, is this when money goes up and down? You're going to lose all your money because back in the day what my parents are used to is 2008, Wall Street went down. That's what they think when they think investments or trading.
[00:28:48] And uh their support was even less. Their care was even less. It was The disappointment was uh even worse than what I expected. But, luckily, I had prepared for myself for that. I was ready to literally pack my bags at that very moment and go to my own place. Simply because I was going to be in an environment where my parents every single day were going to be down my neck, "Why am I not doing this? I'm
[00:29:13] not going to be successful." And as a trader, as you guys may know, 90% of trading really comes down to how you are when you are trading in the markets. Are you mentally stable? Do you have your emotions in check? Are you ready to not be greedy? Are you trading based off of the markets, not how you feel? Like, that influences significantly in your results. Because if you have any instability in your emotions, so does your trading. So, at that very moment, I
[00:29:40] think a week or two later, got my stuff, moved to my own place, and my parents didn't support me still then. But, they had a reality moment. They're like, "Wait. He has enough money to go live by himself. He'll be back next month. He'll be back in a couple of months." And if you move out of your At least in my household, if you move out of your parents' home and you come back, you are even You're a mega failure because you couldn't go do
[00:30:09] it by yourself. You have to go back to your parents' nest. So, I made sure I prepared myself so strong for that. Move out by myself in my own apartment, and this is where everything just really, really started growing for me. I started to double down on my personal and prop firm accounts. I started scaling and stacking prop firm accounts on top of prop firm accounts. And I started aiming for bigger quality trades. So, I wasn't aiming to have big home runs. I was
[00:30:35] waiting all week for that perfect trade and being a sniper and executing when that opportunity was right in front of me and it was extremely obvious. I wasn't really going out looking for trades. I was awaiting for the trades to come to me. I was missing a load of opportunities, but I was also avoiding a load amount of losses. And if I would have taken both the wins and losses, I would be profitable by the end of it, but with extra mental damage and
[00:31:01] emotional damage by the week, and I just tried my best to make trading as simple as possible. And this is where I started to get busy by just posting videos on social media, and things started to change. People started to watch me on what I was doing. I started to trade live with people, and I was actually educating people when I was just doing what I was doing. And this is how all this happened out of nowhere, but all because I decided to take that risk by
[00:31:29] trading a prop firm account. And I decided to give it a shot because I had ran out of capital for myself. With the prop firm account, I learned how to manage risk. I learned how to follow rules when nobody is watching. Because even on my own personal account nowadays, I break the rules, but I'm okay with it. But with a prop firm, the moment you break a rule, you lose your account. So, there's a software in place that is always
[00:31:57] supervising you to make sure you follow your rules. It teaches you how to manage larger amounts of capital. This large amount of capital is how real traders trade. What I understood out of this is where my trading changed drastically. Bought my first supercar, bought my first Rolex, bought my first Richard Mille, bought my next hypercar, bought two Bugattis, bought a plane. All of this started to come when I stuck to these core foundations and scaled this
[00:32:24] as time went on. It did not come overnight. You know, many of you guys may be seeing this right now and like, "Oh, I want to be where Alex is right now." And you are looking at the top of the iceberg. Like there's so much that was built throughout this journey that it didn't come from a perfectly executed plan. I made many of mistakes throughout the way. I've blown many accounts. I've lost many challenges, but I've never lost the vision of being a successful
[00:32:51] trader. And in order for you to become a successful trader, you have to become a successful trader. In order for things in your life to change, you have to change things in your life. You can't have bad habits. You can't be around bad people. You can't not have a strategy. Without a strategy, you're simply not going to execute the trades on a funded account the correct way. And what I really want you to understand from this is that
[00:33:16] if it worked for me, it can work for you. There is nothing that I have special. I don't have 10 fingers. I don't have four arms. I am just simply somebody that decided to learn a skill set, add a source like a powerful tool like prop firms to this skill set, and stick to it as long as I possibly could, and not let anything get in between of me and what I want to do. And you have it a lot easier because you have people like me. There's
[00:33:47] dozens of people like me showing their story, and you're being able to actually follow it more frequently. There's lives now. There's multiple platforms of social media. When I got started, none of that existed. It was really just me versus me. Now, the people that are complaining nowadays that they can't do it because it's too hard, it's better if you just stop. This is not meant for you. This is really meant for someone that is ready to actually put in the
[00:34:11] work and go through a journey. Because the journey is what's going to build you to where you want to be. Copying signals and copying traders trades off of whatever random post will not lead you to profitability because the moment that goes away, you don't know how to manage your own risk. You don't know how to follow rules when no one's watching, and you don't know simply know how to do it for yourself. So, if I did it for myself back in the day
[00:34:37] when none of this was available, why can't you? You have all the possible resources to do this yourself today. That's why I'm building a trading floor. I'm building a trading floor to make this even more resourceful for people to come to my space privately, it's an invitation only, but they have a place where they can meet other like-minded people, and they can engage with traders that are in the exact same journey as them. We're building a small hedge fund,
[00:35:02] internal funds, and internal competitions there because that is what leads a trader to scale without them even realizing that they're developing a better skill set in their trading with the skill set that they use with prop firm accounts, with personal accounts, around other successful traders. And the main reason why I came here to Australia is to find that prop firm. That prop firm that gives you guys those fair market conditions, gives you guys no
[00:35:28] hidden rules, gives you guys ethical challenges where they're not set to basically fail you. And you guys heard it from the founders themselves, if you guys haven't seen my latest video. It's designed for traders to build consistent profits. That's why there is profit cap rules, that's why there's certain rules that are right in front of you. There's no hidden rules, and they're there to this They're They're They're for traders to be trading, not for traders to just
[00:35:52] come and make money. The problem with the trading industry and what it has shifted to and what it's brought is the people that want to just make money. They don't want to earn the money. So, they want to show up to trading, punt a full portrait on gold or any volatile pair, and make as much money as possible so they can use that money to pay off their debt, and buy whatever they want to buy. I get it. You want to make the money because you're in
[00:36:17] a tough situation. But, this is not an industry where you're going to just make money and leave. This is an industry where you need to learn the skill set, and you will consistently earn money. You need to change your mindset to making money to pay off debt to I'm going to learn the skill set, I'm going to earn profits, and I can do this consistently so I don't have to race or have stress that I need this money tomorrow. It's not a place where you're
[00:36:42] just going to get lucky or catch a winning streak that's going to change your life because those big wins is not what you can do consistently. Those big wins come random. They're not predictable. So, you can't depend your success your journey on these big wins and you need to shift your mindset to earning these profits. It's what I love about this proper and it really doubles down on what I believe in, which is consistency, sticking to your same
[00:37:09] rules, sticking to your exact same strategy, and most importantly, using risk management. That's why I came out here to Australia, meet up with them and hosted a meet and greet out here in person. I asked the other traders what do they want to see from these platforms, what rules do they want to do, and it was very refreshing to get this take of the industry once again simply because I forgot. I really did forget what this was like because
[00:37:34] I've just been trading on my own personal accounts with my own personal rules. But, it's very refreshing to see that we have just found a new fresh space in the industry that traders can actually capitalize off of the ethical way. So, now with that being said, I hope you guys enjoyed this video. This is a real story, real moments that happened in my life, and I'm sure you're going through something very similar right now. I encourage you to just keep
[00:37:57] going. If I did it, so can you. There's no reason why you shouldn't be where you want to be as long as you're doing things correctly. Don't rush the process. Everything happens for a reason. Thank you guys very much for watching this video. Hope you like, comment, and subscribe on this and I'll see you guys in the next one. Oh, and by the way, before you click off this video and hit that like, and comment, and subscribe, I
[00:38:20] want you to tell me in the comments down below why you aren't succeeding in your journey. I I want to know because the first reason that I receive from traders is that they can't out trade me because they have a lack of capital. Okay, now we have the proper platform for that. Now, what else? What is holding you back from passing the challenge and become a funded trader? Is it your strategy? Is it your emotions? Is it how you manage? Just tell me down
[00:38:43] below in the comments what it is so I make a video to help you guys out. Enjoy. See you guys later.
