[00:00:00] I've been trading for a little bit over six and a half years, and I've been as successful as a profitable trader can get for a little bit over four and a half years. Now, if I were to lose all of my money, all of my trading accounts, even the strategy that got me to the point where I am today that has made me the seven eight figures in the markets, and my goal would be to have a thousand dollars reached every single day as profits, this is exactly what I would
[00:00:20] do. So, let's dive right into it. How can you make a thousand dollars a day day trading every single day? Well, I'm going to set the record straight. I'm going to give you the proper tonality on how to do this. And I'm not going to give you unrealistic expectations. And I'm going to say this right now. It's impossible for you to make a thousand dollars every single day in the markets. It's impossible for you to find perfect trade setups five days a week that would
[00:00:43] equivalent to a thousand dollars a day. It's just not going to happen. Now, I know I get it. I get it. The reason why you clicked this video is for that. But, I'm going to educate you on how you can end up making a thousand dollars every single day by not making a thousand dollars every single day. You're like, Alex, what what does that mean? Well, it's because the goal is to not make a thousand dollars every single day. The goal is to make five thousand dollars at
[00:01:06] the end of the week. Now, by you making a five thousand dollars at the end of the week, you reverse that math backwards, that would be a thousand dollars every single day. Now, the beauty of this is you didn't have to overexpose yourself to taking unnecessary trades. You didn't have to stress yourself out by forcing trades to hit this goal every single day of attempting to make a thousand dollars, and you're taking the proper trade
[00:01:28] setups. So, you are actually being patient. You're actually sitting on your hands and risking money on trades that make sense, and not overexposing yourself on trades that don't make any sense because you have a goal that you want to reach by the end of the trading session. Now, if you take a different approach to this, and it's like, okay, my goal is to make five thousand dollars at the end of the week. If I take one trade setup that I risk a thousand
[00:01:49] dollars on, and I get a one to five risk to reward, well, there's your five thousand dollars every single day by only taking one trade rather than breaking that down in five to 10 trades where it is far more stressful and it is very unlikely that you will end up making the $1,000 every single day this way. So, let me actually break down how you can do this correctly. And the best analogy that I like to set for this is trading is very much like baseball. When
[00:02:13] you go play the game of baseball, you're sitting on home base and you're waiting for the pitcher to throw you a ball. He's going to throw you fastball, curveball, knuckleball and your job as a batter in a baseball game is to just hit that ball as far as you can so you can get a home run. Now, the difference in between trading and playing actual baseball is that in trading you have unlimited amounts of pitches and you are not forced by anybody, by any clock, by
[00:02:37] any coach, by any team to swing at the ball that comes. The goal is for you to just sit there and wait for the perfect pitch. Now, the problem with traders is that they want to swing at every single pitch that the pitcher throws their way. And guess what ends up happening? They end up striking out. Now, the correct thing to do in order for you to win the game is be very patient, stick at the home base and swing at the right pitch and that's how you get the home run. Not
[00:03:04] swinging at every single opportunity that you get. That's why traders fail because they want to take every single opportunity that the market gives them because they believe there's endless amounts of opportunity and they have to capitalize after every single one and that is completely false. You should only capitalize off of the correct ones. Will you miss one here and there? Sure, but that's part of the process. You're not meant to catch every single one. You
[00:03:26] can't swing at every single pitch. You need to take the correct one. So, everything I've done up to this point right now is just give you the proper context on how to have the right mindset to making a thousand dollars a day. The goal is to not make a thousand dollars a day by swinging at every single ball that the pitcher throws your way. If I have to wait three days for the pitcher to give me a perfect straight ball right in the box and I swing and I get the
[00:03:47] home run, it's the same thing if I would have swung at a hundred different balls, potentially injured myself. The goal is to get the home run, not swing at every single ball. So, that's this is just me putting you guys into context. Now, this is the actual first step that you can do when it comes to the technical analysis and how to actually get to this goal of making a thousand dollars every single day. And this one gets overlooked by every single trader, beginner,
[00:04:11] intermediate, and even advanced traders at times, just because traders get lost in the heat of the moment. And this is not buying at highs and not selling at lows. Always wait for a retracement. Now, what does that mean? Everybody hears that there's massive volatility in the markets and then they want to get involved. The move already happened. If the market has just had a high push, you have to wait for a retracement. Don't enter with
[00:04:36] hype. Don't enter with FOMO, thinking that you're going to miss the move. The move already happened. You have to wait for the retracement. What ends up happening in crypto? Bitcoin hits an all-time high, Bitcoin just breaks 100,000, everybody wants to buy at that point. Why would you want to buy at the highest point that it's ever been? Wait for a retracement. This goes for the lower time frames as well. Whenever you see a big push happen, wait for a
[00:04:59] retracement, wait for that discount, and then you enter your trade. This goes for scalp trades, day trades, swing trades. You want to make sure that you can get that discount on price, so you have a better entry. You have to be very patient and that is part of the game. Waiting for that perfect ball to get into that pocket, so you take the swing. Don't just take the trade because you see a bunch of people supposedly making money off of the big move that has just
[00:05:23] happened. Now, moving on to step two, and this is more of something that you need to not do. And by not doing this, you're going to save yourself so much money that you can't even fathom. And that's going to be don't get stuck to a daily bias or constantly change a bias depending on how you wake up that morning. I can't explain to you how many times I see traders when they wake up for London session or wake up for New York session, they're like, "Today, I'm
[00:05:47] going to find the reason to buy." Or today, I'm going to find the reason to sell. People change the direction of the market every single day they go trade, which makes no sense to me. How can Monday you want to be interested in buys, Tuesday be interested in sells, and Wednesday be back interested in buys? This can be a very typical scalp trading approach, and there's a reason why the majority of scalp traders don't
[00:06:07] succeed and why they have a very low win rate and they're not successful. It's because they're constantly changing their bias. You need to understand what the higher time frames are doing at the beginning of the week. On Sunday, before the market even opens, you do your technical analysis, and you understand where is the market going to be headed for this week. If you can see that the market will be headed downwards for the entirety of the week, you find for
[00:06:28] reasons to enter that direction. If you see that it's going to go bullish, you look for reasons for it to go that way. You don't change your bias in the middle of the week wanting to enter a little bit of that countertrend trade or that retracement just so you can feel like you're getting involved. You need to make sure that you stick to your plan. If at the beginning of the week, you see that EUR/USD needs a retracement to then hit that new higher high by the end of
[00:06:49] the week, you wait for that retracement and you enter the continuation of the market. Don't try and catch that little bit of a retracement just to feel like you're involved. So, don't change your market direction how you feel that day or how the fundamentals came out. The technicals will always lead, and stick to that. Don't change it every single morning. And the best analogy that I can put to this, going back to the baseball analogy, and funny enough, I don't even
[00:07:12] play baseball. I just It makes sense to me, right? Now, you wake up today and you want to swing with your left arm going this way, but for some reason, it didn't work or you didn't find any good opportunities swinging this way. You said, "You know what? Tomorrow, we're going to come to the market and we're going to swing this way. We're going to swing with our right hand." And for whatever reason, it doesn't work, and then you go back to this side. Stay
[00:07:31] consistent with whatever you're going to be doing. And this goes for strategies, this goes for market direction. This just goes for everything in general. Just because I don't find opportunities in this direction, doesn't mean that I'm now going to look for opportunities in this direction. If it works based off of statistics and what I have done in the past, I'm going to stick to that. Now, this has up the perfect conversation for my third point. And this is probably the
[00:07:53] most powerful and in-depth point on how to hit your goal of making a thousand dollars every single day. Because in order for you to make this amount of money, there is risk involved in it. And in this risk involved, you need to have a plan. And if you have a plan, part of that plan is you need to be okay with losing. Because in that plan, losing is part of that plan. Alex, what do you mean? I don't want to lose in trading. Well, if you don't want to lose in
[00:08:20] trading, you should not even get involved. Because trading is part of the game. You just need to accept that. So, let me break this down. A trading plan on average has a 50 to 60% win rate. This is a great win rate. Now, people only think about winning. People don't think that, okay, I might lose 40 to 50% of the time with a 50 to 60% win rate. In default, if you're going to win five, six trades, you should have lost four,
[00:08:45] five trades. Now, does that mean that you cut these losses short? Does that mean that you avoid these losses? Or does that mean that they never happen? All of the above are no. You will take these losses. There's no way of avoiding it. And you need to accept it from the start. Now, the perfect example that I can say to this is And I this whenever I get on a call with my students and I review their trades, a very common issue that I see
[00:09:07] is that traders try and find a reason to cut their losses short. And I'm just going to, you know, use an alias name here. And I remember this from the call from yesterday, actually. We're going to call him Josh. Josh was in a trade and he was in drawdown. And as I'm reviewing his trade, he asked me, he's like, "Hey, Alex, what can I do right now to avoid this loss?" I'm like,
[00:09:31] "What do you mean?" He's like, "Yeah, I I don't want to lose this trade that I'm in right now. It didn't go to my take profit. I'm halfway through my stop loss. How do I not take a loss here? Well, I'm like one, be Jesus and control the market, or two, not trade at all. You cannot enter a trade if you don't accept the loss. I asked him, "What did you risk on this trade?" And he said 100 bucks. And I said, "Okay.
[00:09:56] Were you prepared to lose this 100 bucks in the beginning?" And he said, "Yes." And I said, "Okay, so what is the problem if you lose those 100 bucks now? Now that the plan is not going according to plan, that it didn't go to your take profit, you're backing out on your plan. You're backing out on your word. How does that make any sense?" And then he started realizing that what he was just doing is acting out of emotion, going against his plan, not
[00:10:16] realizing that these losses are part of the plan. That's why there's a pre-calculated risk behind every single trade. And a lot of traders try and avoid that, try and find a reason on how to not lose or how to minimize their losses. You minimize your losses by having that pre-calculated risk management before you enter the trade. Now, after that Josh realized it and accepted his fate and ended up losing the trade. There's nothing wrong with
[00:10:40] that. He pre-calculated his risk. If he was not okay with losing those 100 bucks, he should have never traded in the first place. If you're not ready to lose, do not trade. And this is very important topic because people want to play the game of baseball, for example, and not lose or find every reason to only look at the positives and not the negatives of it. You can go play a game and you can go get injured. The other team could just outperform you and you
[00:11:04] can lose. What are you going to do? It's part of the game. You accept if you go play a game of baseball, a game of basketball, a game of football soccer that you could lose. Why don't you accept that if you enter a trade, you could lose? Now, it doesn't mean that you're going to lose forever. It doesn't mean you're unsuccessful or you're not going to make it out. It just means that specific trade didn't work out. You move on to the next one. If you go play a
[00:11:25] game of basketball and you lose, are you not going to go play a different game? No, you're going to go play another game pretend like that last one didn't happen. You're going to learn from your mistakes. You're going to realize that you should pass the ball more, that you should lay it up, that you should do whatever you didn't do in that other game to win. It's the exact same thing in trading. Whatever you did in the last trade that
[00:11:43] led you to losing, and you didn't like that feeling, you learn from it and then you optimize on the next one. And that's just if you lose because you lost the game. But there might be times where you lose a game because you get injured, the weather is bad, the game has to get called short because of whatever reason, and you still end up losing for whatever the reason is. Are you going to let that affect your next game? No, you're going to treat the next game as if it were to
[00:12:05] be a new game, and you're going to start fresh from that point and not drag whatever the last game was. So, if you lose because of an external factor, whatever it is, or because of yourself, you cannot drag that to the next thing. You put it to the side and you move on to the next thing. And part of that plan on being a profitable trader is obviously not winning every single trade. So, you understand that losses are going to happen, and you can't
[00:12:27] expect for you to maximize every single trade to its potential. I have traders that come all the time and ask me to review their trades, and they have a trade that they catch a 1:2, 1:3 risk-reward, but they had the potential to be a 1:5, 1:6. And they want to figure out how they can maximize that trade. And I ask them, "Well, if part of your trading plan was to get a 1:2, 1:3, you close out there, you move on to the next trade. Is it cool to maximize it
[00:12:51] once in a blue moon? Yes, but you can't optimize for that every single time. It's not scalable." And I like using the baseball analogy for this, and it's my favorite one. Your goal as a baseball player, when you are at home base, is to swing as hard as you can, get that ball as far as you can, and go from first base, second base, third base, and home. Now, a baseball player's plan, or at least my plan if I were to be a baseball player,
[00:13:18] is going to be to every single time I swing, I make sure this swing can get me at least to second base. Not first base, not third base, not second base. Now, I take that directly to trading as a perfect correlation. Every single trade that I take has a minimum of a 1:2 risk to reward. Why? Well, because it's a positive risk reward. If I lose five trades out of 10, I lose minus five, but if these five trades I win plus two, I just made back my five losses and I'm
[00:13:49] positive another five by just having a 50% win rate. So, your goal as a trader has to be exactly the same thing of a baseball player. When you go, make sure that you're going to swing as hard as you can and you can get at a minimum to second base. If I am swinging at a ball that I've been very patient for, I hit it as hard as I can and I'm running to first base, I cannot change my plan and say, "You know what? I'm going to stop here and
[00:14:17] not make it to second base." It's not worth it. Traders want to find the reason for whatever the case is to close at a 1:1 risk to reward to lock in their profits or to not lose out on their profits. That wasn't part of the plan. The plan is either you lose or you make it to second base. If you swing that ball and as you're running to first base, you're seeing that it's not going as far as you anticipated, you can't change the plan. You need to stick to
[00:14:44] your plan of going all the way to second base. If for whatever reason you get out, you get out, but you stuck to your plan. And that is the most important thing that you need to do so you make back those losses and you stick to your plan so you end up positive. Now, is there times when you get to second base and as soon as you get to second base, the ball is still far or the pitcher wasn't able to catch it and you can squeeze in third base? Sure, do that. Or
[00:15:07] maybe you can run all the way to fourth, but your base is going to always be second base. Same thing in trading. When you take your trade, the minimum that you need to settle for is a 1:2 risk to reward. Once the trade gets to the one to two risk reward, you make a decision, okay, I'm going to continue to hold to a one to three, potentially a one to four. But, once you get to a one to four, you're at your home run, trade is done, you move on to the next one. You don't
[00:15:32] try and run around again and do another circle around the whole entire field. It just doesn't make sense. You're now being greedy, you're showing off, and it doesn't make sense. Swing the ball, run to home base, move on to the next one. I just diving back into this analogy, just like the more I think about it is it just makes so much sense in real life. Because trading is no different than these analogies, and it it just becomes so real. If I'm running to a first base,
[00:15:54] I get through it, I get to second base, and if I'm running to second base, and I see that the catcher is going to catch I'm not going to turn around and go back to first. I commit to my second base. I can't tell you how many times traders have had their trade almost hits a one to two risk reward, whatever they saw turned them off, or they got scared, and they closed out, and they end up they ended up missing on a one to two, one to three, one to four trade. You stick to
[00:16:18] the plan, you're only moving forward, you're not looking back. And all of this really just comes down to one big global plan, and you need to implement this every single time you go play the game, every single time you go take a trade. Now, most importantly, attached to that, you need to understand what you're reading in the markets. If you have no idea how to properly understand if a market is bullish, ready to buy, if a market is at a strong support or
[00:16:42] resistance, a strong supply and demand zone, and you don't have a right entry signal to enter the trade, then you're really just working backwards. You have an idea of what to do in the markets, but you don't really understand how to read it. It's almost like these songs that you don't know the language of it, but you pretty much just jam out to it because it sounds good. You you know, it sounds good to listen to this music, but you don't really know what they're
[00:17:02] saying. You could be saying anything crazy. Now, you have the exact same thing when it comes to trading. You can have the idea of yes, I get it, I need to buy and sell when it's the right time, but you don't have the right strategy. And that's what I do every single week with my students. I share with them my top markets that I'm interested in trading, why it makes sense to buy versus sell, and most importantly, where they should be
[00:17:21] entering and how much they should be risking, and how long it can potentially get to the take profit. Now, if you want to know more about this, click the link in the description below. I'll personally review your trades to make sure that you're doing the correct thing or incorrect thing, and most importantly, that you have a plan that you're sticking to every single week. With that being said, ladies and gentlemen, I hope you guys enjoyed this
[00:17:40] video. I will see you guys in the next one. Make sure you guys hit that like and subscribe button. And I'll see you guys in the next one.
