[00:00:00] We are potentially entering World War and every trader and their mother is losing money at this very moment. If you have some type of experience in the markets, you're probably wondering what the heck is happening and why are the markets different. And if you have just stumbled across trading in 2026, well, let me tell you something. You did not pick any better time to begin your trading journey than today. Because once you learn how to trade in these chaotic
[00:00:23] markets, you can adapt to any type of markets that you're going to be coming across in the next couple of months or the next couple of years. So, let me break everything down. And as we speak right now, Q1 of 2026, we have wars across multiple different regions. We have oil and gas prices shooting through the roof and we have political tension like we've never [music] had before. And every single week there's a new headline that feel like it's going to be World
[00:00:47] War III. Am I right or am I wrong? Now, in this video, I'm going to break down to you exactly how these global events have impacted the markets in the past, my thoughts on how this can potentially affect the market in the near future, and my personal take and how I personally trade in this chaos and turn this massive negative into [clears throat] a positive in the markets. So, let's break it down. So, I want to give you guys some context how
[00:01:10] I've personally have experienced both sides of this type of trading. Very volatile with loads of fundamentals and then a very slow moving markets. So, I stumbled across trading around 2018 when Trump was ending his first term and I was unprofitable for two consecutive years until he left the term around the pandemic towards the ending of it. And for those two consecutive years, it was very similar as to what's happening right now in 2026, where it's a new
[00:01:38] headlines every single week, there's a new battle with a different region, and the markets are moving very fast and very sporadic. Now, it was my first time coming across trading and I didn't really know what I was doing. So, I was making a lot of of entering the moves after they had already happened, chasing the moves after they had already happened, anticipating moves that were never going to happen. And as soon as Trump left
[00:02:03] office and Joe Biden came in for those next years after the pandemic, I became a profitable trader. I became a profitable trader because the patterns in the markets moved the same every single time. Joe Biden didn't do anything in his four years, and there wasn't major news events, there wasn't major fundamentals that were driving price in one direction versus the other. Everything was moving very slow, and these patterns were very easy to grab
[00:02:28] because Joe Biden really wasn't moving the market. After Joe Biden left the presidency and Trump came back in, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hit the fan again. Trump came in obviously doing major things for the economy, better things for the world, keeping the world a better place, and the markets weren't adapted to that because we were four years being a certain way, and now Trump comes in and changes everything from one day to another, and that heavily impacts how
[00:02:52] people feel about their currency, how people feel about their 401ks, how people fear about if they're going to lose their money, if they if they should move it around, how countries should move their money. And this is a lot of volatility that is brought into the market for good, but bad if you don't know how to react to it. Even myself, I personally myself when Trump did this new shift into the market, I personally was negative for about two and a half
[00:03:19] months because it takes time for you to adapt and see the shift in the market and be able to learn from it. I'm going to be sharing with you all of these insights in this video here today. So, I want to give you context that I've gone through this before when I was unprofitable starting my trading journey. I traded with slow-moving markets and capitalized off of it, and then I was impacted as well personally from this shift from the current
[00:03:43] campaign that is being ran around the world, and I know now how to optimize it, and I'm going to share it with you guys. Now, if you've been living under a rock, you might have missed that right at the start of the year, Trump abducted Maduro from Venezuela, taking over the oil and all the rigs. Trump has gone into war with Iran and bombing Iran, Israel, all this war that's happening in the Middle East, and we have gotten attacks in Dubai. One of the safest
[00:04:08] places in the globe has been attacked by Iran, its enemy, or by incoming drones from all over the world. These are things that if you would have asked anybody in December of 2025, people would have said, "No way. Maybe the Iran situation was predictable." But Dubai getting bomb bombed, Maduro getting abducted into the third, fourth day of the year, never in a million years would you have expected that. At least not me. There's no way that I can anticipate for
[00:04:37] something like that to happen. So, I can't be trading anticipating for that to happen for me to make my decisions in the markets. I trade for what the market is giving me [music] in front of me right now. Now, how the fundamentals affect what I'm trading with my technicals, that is what I'm going to get into in just a second. But you can never anticipate that Trump is going to do something like this. He might come out next week and say that
[00:05:00] aliens are real and that he has one at the White House for all we know. All I know is that every single move Trump is doing is for the better of the US economy. I would never bet against the dollar. Now, there might be some trades where I will short-live a dollar getting weaker, but long-term I would never short the dollar. There's no way that Trump would do something to make the dollar weaker. Just not going to happen. So, what are we going to do
[00:05:26] about this situation? Because we can't trade scared that Trump is going to come out with any headlines every single week. Now, once again, everything that I believe he's going to be doing is for the better of this country and I back Trump every single day. Now, I take that with a grain of salt because I do need to trade the markets and I do need to be able to make a decision around my technical analysis. Now, I cannot try and read Trump's mind and be able to
[00:05:52] anticipate what is coming next. Sometimes it will take longer, sometimes it might not even happen. And other things might get in between and just change everything. So, I'm going to give you the four steps that you need to follow to be able to optimize these volatile swings that are happening in the markets in 2026. This is what I am doing. This is what it took me some time to adapt in the markets and it's all for the better. Volatility is great if you
[00:06:16] know how to execute it the right way. If you don't, you're simply going to miss out the opportunity in chaos. And when everything is chaos and everything is going bad, that's when there's a great opportunity to get in. And I want to make something very clear. Just because I am a profitable trader and I have a massive community of people that are profitable alongside with me, we don't have a magic ball. We don't have a crystal ball that tells us exactly what
[00:06:40] the market is going to do next. As a profitable trader at the start of this year, I did not expect for these crazy swings to happen. And I had a two three month losing streak. Now, I adapted to these markets, I learned from my mistakes, and now is when I am making profits again from the market. Me being unprofitable for two months doesn't make me an unprofitable trader. Just because I missed two three shots in a basketball game doesn't mean I'm no longer a good
[00:07:08] basketball player. I just simply missed some shots. Now, I need to adapt to my game to the type of defensive player that is up against me. And then from there, I'm able to learn from my less my losses. These are lessons and then we move on forward. So, with that being said, if you're going through a losing streak yourself, whether you're an experienced trader or a new trader in 2026, don't worry. You're trading in chaotic times. It's not normal for one
[00:07:31] president to abduct another president. It's not normal for wars to happen in the Middle East in the in the beginning of the year. It's not normal for the safest country in the world to get bombed. Like what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] So, don't beat yourself up if your strategy is not fully aligned with the markets right now, and that's simply because the markets aren't fully aligned with anything. Now, if you want to learn from these mistakes and actually be able to
[00:07:56] optimize it, just listen to these steps that I'm going to be breaking down right now, so you can take advantage from those traders that took advantage in a 2008 crash. That they saw the problem, they saw the chaos, they took action, and then years later they reaped the reward of it. There's an exact opportunity happening right now in 2026 with this world crisis. Now, step one, and I am literally going to sound like my grandpa. I'm going to sound like the
[00:08:22] people talking about the Matrix is attacking them, and I I hate to sound this way, and it's very cringey, but this is going to be the truth. Step one to optimizing your trading for 2026 is do not listen to the media. Now, I can't believe I'm saying this because I hate the whole concept of red pill, blue pill, the Matrix attack. I don't believe in that, right? And this is not that at all. The perfect example that I can put to this is when Maduro got
[00:08:49] arrested and brought to the US, that happened on a weekend. I remember, I was stuck in St. Barts. I went to St. Barts for New Year's, and I was stuck in St. Barts because Trump closed the airspace anywhere in the Caribbean, so I couldn't leave back to Miami. Couple of days later, he opened up the airspace, and we came back to the states. But I remember him getting abducted on a Friday afternoon or on a Saturday morning, and all all of my
[00:09:14] trader friends, everybody was ready to full ports and buy as much oil as they possibly can, anticipating for oil prices to shoot up when the market opened on Monday. Market opened on Monday, and guess what happened? Nothing. You can see in the screenshot right here that literally the markets did not react to it at all. For whatever reason, the markets didn't react to it. They just arrested a president of a country that is heavily influenced by
[00:09:40] oil, and that's the main reason why Trump did that, for the interest of oil and obviously other crimes that Maduro did. Now, the market didn't react to that. So, if everybody was listening to the media, they would have made a decision around that, and they could have potentially gotten burned. Now, obviously, couple of weeks later, the war with Iran, Israel, that is what then ended up shooting prices up on oil, but you can't directly make a decision based
[00:10:06] off of the media. So, don't pay attention to what the news is saying for you to make your decision on a specific trade that you want to take. That is step number one, and it is so crucial to do this correctly. Be aware of what is happening, be informed, but don't let that make an influence in your decision. That's it. That's That's the most important thing. Now, step two is probably one of the most important things when it comes to the actual mind
[00:10:32] of the trader, when it comes to actual psychological decision-making behind the trade, and that is going to be be less aggressive. Everybody at the start of the year, they want to meet their goals at the start of the year. Everybody's hyped because they want to start off the year strong, everything that they studied for during the holidays at the market is moving slow. Start of the year, everybody wants to be very aggressive, do an account flip, pass a
[00:10:56] prop firm account, or just make a lot of money in trading. And obviously, these global events heavily affected them. Now, that's fine. You couldn't expect for something like that to happen. You just need to adapt to it. Now, what you do is take a step back. This is what I personally did myself. I went from taking three to four trades a week to taking one trade a week. And if that trade was not a perfect trade setup, I simply did not
[00:11:21] take it. I can't make a decision on entering a trade, on having the fundamentals heavily driving the markets on something that has never happened before. My trading is based off of statistics, it's based off of patterns, it's based off of recognitions that have happened in the past that are going to potentially happen again. And if something is happening in the world right now that's very heavily impacting the markets, something that's never
[00:11:46] happened in the past, how can I make a decision on entering a trade which is purely based off of statistics and patterns? You shouldn't be entering a trade at all. So, that's why I would stick to one single trade a week, max two, if you find a good decision. It's not about entering every single volatile trade. It's about entering the right ones. Quality over quantity is what will keep you in this game long term. And step two
[00:12:09] lays out a perfect for step three. For me is probably I'd say the backbone of everything that I'm going to be talking about this video. And that is that if you are trying to take a trade at an all-time high or at an all-time low, you are not trading, you're gambling. Traders right now that are buying gold at 5,000, 6,000, thinking that it's going to go to 7,000, are simply gamblers. Trading is a game of probabilities.
[00:12:38] Probabilities because it has happened in the past. If it's happened in the past 10 times, and out of those 10 times six of them it went in your favor, this 11th time there's a 60% chance that it goes in your favor again. There's data to the left, there's patterns to the left in the exact same zone where you are in right now that they can potentially reject this resistance or have a reaction from this support. Now, if gold is at an all-time high,
[00:13:05] how can you anticipate that it's going to go to the next high? You're just purely guessing, you're gambling. You don't have any data that gold will go from the all-time high of 4,000 to 5,000, or the all-time high of 5,000 to 6,000, or the all-time high from 6,000 to 7,000. You're just wanting to for price to keep going up based off of the fundamentals, and that is incorrect. We are technical traders. We look to the left, and whatever has happened to the
[00:13:32] left, we expect for it to happen again. Now, you tell me that gold was at 5,000, it dropped to 4,000, and then you want to buy from 4,000 up to 5,000. I'll say, "Okay, it's happened one time in the past. I guess if that is worth the risk for you, sure. But, at least you have some type of data that it's been there before." So, any traders that are building strategies right now or learning how to have these 100% win rate strategies at these all-time highs are
[00:14:02] simply making a big mistake because they have The data that they're getting from the trading is what's happening every single day. There's no years of data. There's no market that has been there before for you to be able to make a logical decision if this actually makes sense. It's like right now if we were The humans were have have gone back and forth to the moon 100 times. It's very predictable for us to be able to tell
[00:14:28] how long it would take for us to get to the moon and what's at the moon. Now, somebody, once we get to the moon, says, "You know what? It will take us the same amount of time to get to Mars, and Mars has the exact same type of planet life and same distance." That's false. Mars is a completely different planet, and there's light-years away to get there. So, you can't expect for where you are right now in price to be or take the exact type of movement to get to this
[00:14:57] next spot. A lot more money needs to be put into the market. It's just so It It goes a lot deeper than just expecting for a new high or a a new low. So, trading at these all-time highs, these all-time lows is the biggest mistake that any trader could be making because there's not enough data to the left. It's never been there before. There's no reason why it should have a reaction from a certain zone if it's only done it once or twice. That's why I stay away
[00:15:20] from these very volatile pairs that don't have any data to the left. And this leads me to my next step, which is something that a lot of traders might not want to hear. And that is that you need to know when it's the right time to get involved into the markets. A lot of people find out that oil shot up or that gold shot up or Bitcoin shot up. And then that's when they want to get involved. Bitcoin just hit a 100,000. I want to buy now.
[00:15:46] Why would you buy at the all-time high? Oil just shot up 30%. I want to get involved right now. Gold is at 5,000. I want to get involved right now. Why? You're literally getting involved after the move has already happened. You need to know when to get involved in the volatility. And this is what happens with a lot of traders. They find out late and they expect for this volatility to continue to happen. You capitalize off of the volatility when you're an
[00:16:13] educated trader, when you make your analysis, you have a decent understanding of the fundamentals, and then you capitalize once the volatility happens, not after the fact. Once the move is gone, it's gone. You can't expect for the same jump in price after it has just happened. And that's what happens with a lot of traders that are stumbling across trading in 2026. You've entered trading in the best possible time ever in terms of volatility, but
[00:16:37] you are entering the trades after the move has already happened. And you can't chase these moves down. Once they're gone, they are gone. Yes, they can have retracements and they can potentially have those moves again, but it's never the same. It's not the first original move. The first original push is the best move and that's where the opportunity is. You need to have your strategy to be able to identify the technical analysis and grade your trade
[00:17:01] and be able to time the entry correctly. I can't explain to you how many people in my DMs come to me after a move has already happened. They're trying to figure out how to get in after it has already gone in the direction. Once it's gone, it's gone. And you can expect for it to do that move again. You simply have to set and forget that trade and look for that same pattern in a different market and be able to optimize it there. So, it's very important for
[00:17:27] you to know when and where to apply your risk. At what point of the volatility are we in? Has the move already happened or are we currently setting it up? Now, look, I'm not just going to sit here and pretend like I know everything when it comes to the fundamentals or what exactly is going to happen in the market. Again, you can look at the big institutions. Even them are struggling. Now, the big difference in between big institutions and myself and my community
[00:17:53] is that we adapt very fast into the market. We are watching the markets and their micro moves every single week. And we have a very clear understanding of the lower time frame moves along with the longer time frame fundamentals. A lot of these big institutions, they're trading older strategies that are not up-to-date in 2026. They have these old strategies that were created in 1990, 2000, even 2008 after the crash. And the market in 2026 is a completely different
[00:18:23] market. Every single week I get on a call with my students and I break down the moves for the week that I anticipate for them to happen. 70%, 80% of the time I am correct about the direction of the move. It simply consists of finding the right entry. What is the specific zone and what is the specific time to enter? And most importantly, I review my traders' trades to make sure that what they're doing is correct. If you want to know more about it, click the link in
[00:18:48] the description below. If not, hit that like and subscribe button on this YouTube channel because we're going to be dropping more videos like this. And 2026 is only going to bring more opportunities. If you guys enjoyed this video, hit a thumbs up and I'll see you guys in the next one.
