[00:00:00] Have you ever taken a trade in the markets where you have studied it for hours, done top-down analysis, calculate your entry points precisely, your take profit, your stop loss, perfect entry signal, and as soon as you enter the position, it goes straight to your stop loss, takes you out, and then it goes straight to your take profit? Well, we've all been there. I've been there hundreds of times, if not thousands, and all of that is because of liquidity. And
[00:00:21] in today's video, I'm going to educate you how to best possibly avoid that and get educated on how liquidity works at these precise entry points. So, first things first, what is liquidity and why is it responsible for wicking you out of your trade and then going straight to take profit? Is it because the banks and the institutions are watching your stop loss? Is it because your stop loss is too tight? Is it just because the liquidity is low or high at that very
[00:00:46] point? Well, first things first, liquidity is exactly what it means. It's how liquid is the market at that very point. The perfect example for liquidity and exactly for you to understand exactly what it is, it's like Ethereum, for example, right? Ethereum, when Ethereum was reaching the 5,000 mark point for Ethereum, there was a lot of sellers that wanted to get out at that round psychological 5,000. So, people started placing their take profits at
[00:01:12] 4,999, 4,998, 4,997. So, there's a lot of liquidity, a lot of exit points at that high. So, when the market reaches that point, you're going to have a lot of selling off happening in the market, so the market starts having pushes to the downside. Now, that is exactly why Ethereum did not make it all the way to 5,000 because everybody was placing their take profits and their
[00:01:36] executions to get out and they're liquidating their positions right before 5,000 because they know a lot of people wanted to get out at that high point. So, there's many points in the market where there is liquidity, whether it's a currency pair that's at an all-time low, all-time high, in the middle of the market, cryptocurrencies, uh stock markets, every single parts of any market, there is liquidity because you
[00:01:59] need for there to be a buyer on one side and there needs to be a seller on the other side. What drives the market up is people buying the market. What drives the market down is people selling the market. There's just simple supply and demand and that is how the market will always move. But it is very predictable where these market moves happen, where there's the most amount of liquidity. There's points where market just passes right through and there's points where
[00:02:24] the market has a lot of struggle to break through because there's a a lot of people liquidating their positions at that specific point. So, liquidity is nothing other than people buying and selling the market at that specific point. But it's very predictable where they can sell and where you can get liquidated if you know how to read it correctly, which I'll break down right now. So, diving into the markets, let's find out exactly where liquidity lies.
[00:02:45] Is liquidity at a high point? Is it at a low point? Is it in the middle? Where is it? Well, technically, liquidity is at every single point. When you have a market that is moving to the upside, there's liquidity that is driving price to the upside. This is known as supply and demand, buyers, support and resistance, whatever the case is. There's a lot of buying power. Now, whenever this market has had a higher high push, the market needs a bit of a
[00:03:10] retracement to continue going to the upside. So, this means that at one point in time, the sellers were being stronger than the buyers. Probably the same people that drove the market up after they've made money on this push up, they start liquidating their positions and that liquidation of their positions starts driving price back down. When price gets driven back down, they see it at a discounted rate, they just made money on this push, then they end up
[00:03:36] buying again and then it ends up pushing this to the upside. So, you can have liquidity really be anywhere in the market. It could be at a high point, it could be on a retracement point, it could be at a low point, it be on a retracement point to continue to go to the downside. Really could be anywhere, but the most places where the majority of liquidity is at is where there is a consistent amount of rejection. So, for example, if I were to show you this
[00:04:03] market right here that I'm just drawing up just randomly here, this market right here, it'd be very predictable that there's a lot of liquidity at this specific zone right here. As you can tell, whenever price gets here, the liquidations come in and the market gets driven down. The market gets liquidated, gets driven down. When we're above it, price gets pushed to the upside. When it's below, it gets pushed to the downside, to the downside. And now that
[00:04:28] we're above it, it's pretty predictable based off of what we are seeing to the left that this market could continuously get pushed to the upside. So, this liquidation zone is also known as support or resistance, supply and demand, order block, area of interest, anything that you want to call it. This is where there's a lot of liquidity in the market because it is very predictable based off of how the buyers and the sellers are reacting at this
[00:04:54] specific point. If we are above this zone specifically, you want to make sure you're buying because that's where the buyers are coming in. So, there's zones like these where they're very liquid and there's a lot of action coming into the market. Compared to this zone right here, it's could be a possibility that sellers can come into the market right now because last time we were here, there was a sell-off from this area. So, there could
[00:05:19] be a lot of liquidity that comes into the market and pushes price to the downside. But, that's really only happened one time. And this also has great significance depending on what time frame you're on. The higher the time frame, the stronger the rejection, the more liquidation that comes in for longer periods of time, and they're a lot stronger. So, I personally like to look for liquidity zones, areas of interest, support or resistance on the
[00:05:43] higher time frames, and I like to look for multiple taps. It could be more than three taps is the most ideal. Now, something like this that has one rejection, one liquidation from this area could mean that there could be another liquidation, but it's not as predictable as if it were to be a zone like this one. Because this zone obviously has a lot more seller sellers below below it, buyers when we're above it. So, this is
[00:06:05] how you identify a specific zone of liquidation in the market. An example of a real position that I'm actually in right now in the market is AUDCHF. This market, on the weekly time frame, there's a lot of buyers that come into this market whenever we're above this support, whenever we're above, whenever we're above, buyers just always drive price up when we're in the market. Now, this right here is what many would call a liquidity sweep, a fake out, an
[00:06:29] institutional grab, uh in you know, the the banks are taking out the retail stop losses. And to me, I've been trading for the last 7 years, 7 and 1/2 years now, it really is almost a big hoax. It's almost like the aliens, right? Like aliens are real or we believe them to be real, but nobody's really encountered one of them, or at least it hasn't become super mainstream
[00:06:52] that aliens are real, and it's not where you get to engage with one every single day. So, you can hear about it, you can potentially believe in it, but there's no like real hardcore evidence that there is an alien. Right? There is no real hardcore evidence that this is a bank or an institution that has liquidated your position. In my personal humble opinion, it does not make any sense why an institution would move trillions of dollars to liquidate the
[00:07:19] retail trader stop losses that only make up 3% of the market. Retail traders move the least amount of money in the market every single day. So, it doesn't make sense that the banks and institutions are fishing for those profits in a way. It just doesn't logically make any sense to me, and there's no real evidence of it. People have said it for many years, but there's no hardcore evidence like this is proof that the banks are after
[00:07:46] the retail trader stop losses. I feel like this is a narrative that has been created amongst retail traders when they enter these losing streaks and they want to put the blame on something other than themselves or just the market doing whatever the market does. So, this right here there was a lot of liquidity. This right here is not a liquidity sweep. And I'm going to get later into this video how you can potentially avoid these and if anything use these in your favor. But
[00:08:10] this zone right here has loads of liquidity. Buying power when you're above. When you're below, all the liquidity is selling to the downside. All the liquidity here is now going to potentially sell to the downside. All I'm doing is just doing what the market's done before. So, I'm in this position right now. I'm looking for big-time sells to the downside simply based off of this exact same theory. Looking for liquidity. And
[00:08:33] now here, this is where this could be the liquidity sweep, liquidity grab, things of the theories that behind that and I'll break that down in just a second. So, I've just showed you an example of a current position that I am in as of right now entering a trade technically after the liquidity sweep. So, I'm about to break down to you guys how you can use this liquidity sweep and this anticipation in your favor to either enter a position right now. Now,
[00:08:57] I want to be extremely clear. Anybody that tells you out there that they have a specific strategy or a specific approach on how to completely avoid a liquidity sweep or these massive wick outs that are seen right here in the market or anticipate this liquidity spike that comes into the market is 100% lying to you. There is no way that you can anticipate for a move like this to happen. There's no way that you can have a specific strategy to trade solely
[00:09:25] off of these sweeps. Can you catch a couple of them here and there? Sure. Can you get lucky where you avoid some of them here and there? Sure. But there's no consistency in something that trading is already random as it is. It's going to either go up or down. Now, if you're going to make a decision that it's going to go down, why would you wait for a confirmation for it to go up first then before going down? That just logically doesn't make any sense to me. You want
[00:09:54] to look for every possible reason for it to continue to go down. So, the way that I use liquidity sweeps in my favor to enter a position or these liquidity grabs is by simply not paying any mind to it. I go enter a position when I have a confirmation. So, this is very simple. Waiting for a liquidity sweep to enter a position is almost like playing defense in trading. And waiting for a confirmation in trading to enter the position is playing offense. We're going
[00:10:22] in the favor. If I'm looking to sell a market, for example, let's say this same exact example right here. AUD/CHF. Let's say I'm looking to sell this market right here. I am not going and like let's do this before I even enter the position. I am not going to be interested in selling this market once I have a move happen opposite of what I'm interested in looking for. If I'm looking to sell this market, I want to look for every
[00:10:49] possible reason to sell. If there's a move that happens against my sell position, I'm not going to be interested in selling because it's clearly not going in my favor. No given point am I going to anticipate that that's going to be a liquidity sweep or that's going to be a liquidity grab. Why anticipate something when trading is already enough anticipation as it is? So, why am I going to anticipate something that is against my trade
[00:11:17] to enter the trade in the direction that I want to go. If I want to sell and it's giving me buy indications, why would I like to sell? Makes no sense. So, in this example, we're heading to the upside. Many would look to call this a liquidity sweep. And the reason why I think people do this, and I think this is a psychological shift that traders have shifted as years have turned by and they've normalized it, and I think that it's actually
[00:11:43] making the trader take more steps back in their journey rather than forward, is they didn't get their specific entry confirmation. They're saying they're looking for bearish confirmation. They didn't get that confirmation at that given point. Now, they're finding a reason still to enter the trade off of this having a bullish push to the upside, and they're calling it a potential liquidity sweep. So, they're entering the trade on an
[00:12:03] anticipation, and not a real confirmation. So, this right here could be a liquidity sweep, but you're anticipating for it to be a liquidity sweep where it that this make that that makes no sense. Why would you enter off of it on anticipation? You want to enter on a confirmation. What would a confirmation be like? Okay, it rejected. Now that this rejected this resistance that I'm looking to sell, I want a confirmation
[00:12:30] that it's actually going to the downside. Which what would be a confirmation? A bearish candlestick confirming that it's going in that direction. So, I am not trading on the anticipation that this could potentially be that move. No, I did this could have had five bullish candlesticks that closed up here. Until I didn't get my bearish candlesticks, I was not interested in entering the position. Because those bullish candlesticks could
[00:12:56] have just continued to be the bullish push to the upside. And then traders out there would go ahead and lose the position and be like, "Well, why am I losing a position uh you know, this wasn't the liquidity sweeper this you know, didn't have the move that I expected." Yeah. You're not entering on any confirmation. You're entering purely on anticipation from the market. And that by itself, if you shift that approach to the market,
[00:13:18] you're going to realize that you're going to stop chasing these trades and making them seem something like they're not, and you're simply going to be very patient and wait for the trades that are giving you the correct confirmations. Might take a little bit longer, might have to be a little bit more patient, but patience pays once you're on this side of the table. And to be completely honest, it probably took me 2 and 1/2 years to really understand this and
[00:13:41] about another year to actually perfect it. At this point in my journey, I still make mistakes where I still enter trades on anticipations, but I know exactly what I'm doing. I know I'm entering a trade on anticipation and I'm totally okay with the outcome. The trade could go straight to my stop loss and it won't matter to me. The problem with 99% of traders is that they enter these positions, they don't know the type of positions they're entering, they're not
[00:14:04] okay with the risk, and then when they lose a position, they go and point the finger at someone else. Not only do they have the wrong reasoning to enter the trade, not only do they not even know why they're entering the trade, but then they're putting the blame on anybody but their but themselves. So, I'm going to give you right now a very simple breakdown how to use this liquidity in your advantage. Market moves very simple, as
[00:14:23] many of you guys already know. You guys should have some type of experience in the markets. You know, the market moves in highs and lows. When a market is at a high point, you don't want to buy at the high point. It's like buying Bitcoin once it's hit the highest point it's been. Why do you want to be that person? You're late into the move. Wait for the market to give a little bit of that discount. That discount is where the sellers are going to come in, they're
[00:14:45] going to liquidate their positions, and that's where you're going to get your opportunity. You never want to buy at the most expensive point or at the high. That's too much anticipation for it to go to continuously the next high. So, you wait for this bit of a retracement, wait for some people to liquidate their positions, and that's where then you will find yourself to have a liquidity zone, an area of interest, support or resistance, supply and demand zone,
[00:15:06] potato potato, whatever you want to call it. You want to make sure that there is a track record of multiple times that the market has rejected from that area, that there is liquidity at that zone. Very simple to what this zone is. Whenever you're above this area, it goes up. You just want to buy it again if it's above it. It's very simple. Next thing that you want to do is wait for a confirmation. Don't wait for a liquidity sweep.
[00:15:34] Don't anticipate that the market is going to do something like this because what will end up happening is that this market will then have the push to the upside and then you're going to be like, "No, you know what? That's a good confirmation, but I'm going to wait for it to have the fake out, for it to have the liquidity sweep, and then I'll enter the position after." I hope you realize if you would have done that specifically just for this market right here every
[00:15:58] single time it approached this area. One time, two times, three times, four times, right here, five times, six times, and seven times right here. One time would you have only gotten the liquidity grab? Is it worth waiting for this liquidity
[00:16:26] grab to happen and miss out on every single one of these opportunities? Look at this beautiful confirmation that we are actually rejecting this area. Bullish engulfing candlestick. Boom. Could have bought in just off of that alone. You have the confirmation. You have the push of the market going in that favor, but you believe that the market was going to give you a liquidity sweep, and then you miss out on this position. Same
[00:16:50] exact thing happened again. Morning star bullish engulfing confirmation, you miss out on this position. Bullish candle rejection, you miss out on this push to the upside. Bullish pin bar rejection, you miss out on this push to the upside. Don't trade playing defense waiting for this to happen every single time. You're going to drive yourself crazy. You're going to miss out on so many opportunities. If price has come into this area and it's giving you your
[00:17:16] confirmation that it's going in the direction that you're anticipating for it to go. You have all the liquidity in your favor to continue buying in that direction. So, just enter the trade. You cannot avoid for these liquidity moves, these liquidity fake outs to happen. It's impossible. Save yourself the headache. It makes no sense to just have that in the back of your mind. Will this happen to you and you will get caught at times? Yes. And you will continuously to
[00:17:39] do that as you go through your trading journey. There's no way to avoid it. Myself, that I've been doing this for the last 7 years, happens to me every single time and it can happen once uh every 2 weeks. All I do is just take the next trade and wait for the next approach. I don't let it affect my next trade. And this is probably the most important thing that I break down with my students every single Sunday. I get on a call every single Sunday with my
[00:18:03] students on Sunday Swings and I break down to them the top six, eight, nine, 10 pairs that I'm trading for that week ahead. I give them the specific markets that have the best amount of liquidity, the best buying power, and why it should go in one direction versus the other. And the beauty of this is that we have weekly calls where I break down the reasonings as to why it should continue to go in that direction. I review their trade setups. There's a community aspect
[00:18:29] where you can engage with other traders, and we break this down every single day. And the biggest turning point for all of my students is trading on confirmation, not on anticipation. You want to make sure you have as many possible confirmations to have that trade continuously go in your direction. You guys want to know more about my community, get on calls with me every single Sunday, DM me the word Sunday Swings, click the link down below, shoot
[00:18:53] me a DM. I'll personally reply to you and see if you're a right fit for our university where we're training traders every single week to have the exact same results that I personally do by live trading, reviewing their trades, and most importantly giving them a strategy that works and that has success every single week. Hope you guys enjoyed this video. Make sure to hit that like and subscribe button and DM me the word Sunday Swings. See you guys in the next
[00:19:15] video.
