Today, I'm going to be backtesting 1 month worth of data using my 70% win rate strategy. You guys are going to see real time how I go about determining my bias on the higher time frame to then executing my model on the lower time. So, let's get into it. All right, first things first, I'm going to ask my phone to give me a random day, month, and year. Hey Siri, can you give me a random day, month, and year in between the years 2020 to 2025? Okay. Okay, August 14th of 2023. 2023, let's run it up. That's in the summer. We can work with that. today we're going to be backtesting using TradeZella. So, TradeZella is a journaling software, but as well, it is a backtesting software. So, you can backtest with it as well, and I'm super hyped to use this. Let's just click start backtesting. We're going to click create our own strategy. Our strategy name is the MECH Model. Description, we'll just put 70% win rate strat. We can put a little icon too. I'll put the little ninja emoji there. So, we'll have an entry criteria. So, for me to take a trade, I need price to be bouncing off of a higher time frame key level. I also need there to be an obvious draw on liquidity and for price to be aligned with the higher time frame trend. And then finally, I will put displacement/confirmation with an IFEG. All right, so these are all my rules for my model, and now let's click save and back. And now we can head over to strategies. We can click the MECH Model. You can click backtesting, and we will click create backtesting session. So, the session name, I'll just put YouTube vid. Strategy, I'll just put MECH Model. Symbols, we'll do NQ and ES futures. Start date is August 14th of 2023, and then end date we'll do September 14th of 2023. Cool. And we'll do a starting balance, we'll just do like a 50K account. And now let's create the session, maybe. Chart colors are absolutely hideous, so let me change these really quick. 3 2 1. All right, there we go. Now we have our chart colors all ready. This is beautiful. All right, so let's do a session. Let's just do 1 month worth of data. I typically don't recommend you guys to be backtesting 1 month worth of data. I do think that's a little bit OD, but just for the sake of this video, I do want to do a large set of data. I don't just want to do one week. But, I recommend everyone to do at least one week worth of data every single day. And you can do this using TradeZella, best journaling software and backtesting software in the game right now. They're coming out with a bunch of new features with that. So, link's in the description if you guys want to sign up with TradeZella. So, starting on the higher higher time frame, first off, let's just go to New York session. So, start of New York session around like 9:50, okay. So, draw on liquidity and bias. All right, so hourly time frame, we do have this bullish SMT in place right now with this low here on ES and then this right here. So, we could see price bouncing off here. The only thing I'm not liking right now is how we are respecting this bearish gap right here and then we are disrespecting this bullish gap right here. So, we're respecting bearish, disrespecting bullish, meaning we are probably going to go to this low. Now, this low could also be a protected low. Say price just starts displacing higher, then we could look for some potential longs, but yeah, I mean I'm going to be leaning more bearish because of that. So, let's see what 9:30 wants to do here. Play out 9:30 open, 3 2 1. This is open, so 9:30 ended up trading lower here. Not really loving anything at the moment. Looks like we're just kind of bearish towards this low, but we do have some nice trend line here. Maybe we run that. I'd like to see price go up towards this 15-minute intermediate high right now. Okay. So, boom, we got that. A short off this could be good, right? We have this low intact. an hourly inverse to the downside. So, if this wants to be bearish, what should we do with this 15-minute intermediate high? We should respect this and then trade lower. Now, what do we also have in this range? A 5-minute gap. This is a great condition to have because if we are going to be bullish, this will get respected, we will get some sort of inversion to the upside, and then we will just be bullish. But, if this wants to get disrespected, then we can be bearish and take some sort of short. That's why I really like 5-minute gaps as conditions. So, let's see, we trade back to that. Okay, and if we get some sort of 5-minute inverse to the downside, I will be willing to take a short. But, as well as like I'm not really too opposed to longs just cuz I can see the narrative for it being that we are looking like this could be a protected low with this SMT. So, let's see. All right, yeah, we got that inversion to the upside. Unfortunately, no entry on that, but we are just going to go higher. There's no entry because we did take out the internal high. We can just keep playing out price here. Could get a short opportunity maybe if we get a 2-minute inverse. I'm not really loving shorts right now, though. The reason I'm not loving shorts is because we're just displacing through this 15-minute immediate high, leading me to want to be a little bit more bullish towards these accumulation zone highs. If we were going to be bearish here, this should have just been an immediate soup and we should have gone lower, but we're not doing that. We're respecting bullish gaps now, so. So, nothing really that I love yet. Just got to keep playing out price here. All right, so we're getting really close to this high right here, these accumulation zone highs. Maybe some sort of 5-minute pullback, maybe a 30-second, not just a little bit too choppy. It's probably going to be a no entry on this. Yeah, no entry. Go back lower now. There is this long here, right? We are rejecting off of this 5-minute fair value gap. Honestly, I do like this for a long, just a continuation model. Rejecting off this 5-minute gap, and we can just look to target this high right here. Looking just a lot more bullish here, right? ES still has to run these highs, so I'm actually put on some indicators. I'm going to put on the sessions indicators, which reads out. Let's see. All right, so I mean, this is going to be a pretty scuffed entry, but I will try this just because the break even point is so obvious. We can put a stop loss like here. We can put a stop loss here. I'm going to put a TP up here. Just go for about a 1:1. I just really like this being an obvious break even point. Clearly trending up here, bouncing off the 5-minute gap. Really textbook setup. I don't expect price to go back to this unfilled 15-minute gap yet because this is a breakaway gap because we did just trade into that with the 5-minute, so. I'm going to try this long. This will be the first trade. We can do 490 risk. All right, cool. So, we'll go for about a one to one RR here. Also, the candle didn't even close actually. Oh, but there was a two-minute close. Was there a two-minute close? Sorry, guys. I'm still kind of getting used to this. Oh, I didn't sync the time frame. Oh, but there was a close right here. Honestly, this is not a trade I would take if I'm just being completely honest. So, I'm just being honest, guys. This wouldn't be a trade I would take because I don't like this initial close and then the close is actually up here. So, even though this was a winning trade, I don't want to be like faking the stats here. That's just probably not a trade I would take um just because the close. But, yeah. I mean, obvious bias after that. Like, I mean, I was leaning more bearish just because of that, but we obviously have conditions and the conditions did not the conditions did not confirm anything. So, that being said, let's just move on to Tuesday. So far, zero trades on the week, but bias. Hopefully, you guys are learning something from that at least, of course. Okay. So, hourly time frame. What are we doing? We are displacing from this low and we also have this high. ES is looking a lot more bearish. Okay, the four-hour time frame on ES is all the way down here. Right? So, we're probably going for these lows on ES. >> [music] >> I'm leaning a little bit more bearish just because of ES. We're kind of bouncing in between these two PD arrays, but I want to see NQ do some sort of open high into that hourly intermediate high and then get some sort of short out of there. That would be nice. Or, if we start displacing through that. Okay, so we already hit this high pre-market. Let's see if we want to go and run that high again. We do. Nothing really yet that I love. Probably a little 30-second here. Honestly, do really like this. I will try this 30-second. We have an unfilled five-minute gap right here. 30-second. How much do I like this 30-second is the real question. The thing is it is a little bit choppy. Honestly, yeah. I don't really love this because we did just trade into this 15-minute gap actually. So, we literally just traded into this 15-minute gap. I will personally be fading this. I think this is not a bad play, but I want to see a little bit more confirmation. Then maybe like a five-minute continuation, a 15-minute continuation, then we can target this low. As of now, just for the plain fact that we already hit that 15-minute gap, that would be a point where I'd want to go break even. So, I'm just going to fade this initial short. Looks like it fails, and then we get this here. Yeah, it's just a little choppy right now. Okay, so here's what I want. Yep, we're displacing now. This SMT is holding, right? We have a bearish SMT in play. [music] Displacing lower here. We're opening up a 5-minute gap, looks like. Trade still is a little bit laggy. All right, so we have a 5-minute gap here. Uh there's a 30-second inverse. This 30-second looks really nice. Yeah, bouncing off a 5-minute gap. We have clear lows down here. We are inverting. Yeah, this looks actually super textbook if we can hold this 5-minute gap. Okay, so I mean, diabolical close there, but I still will take this and just put a stop at like this displacing candle. Or we can put it at just like this high. That's good. And go for about a 1:1.3 RR towards this low. So, I really like this. Again, respecting this bearish gap, respecting this bearish gap up here. We have a bearish SMT. ES is more bearish on the higher time frame. Um so, just alongside that trend. I don't really see a point to go break even here at this low just because I don't know. I mean, there's there's just no reason to go break even at this low. I would rather go break even maybe when we get closer. I have a lot of confidence in this trade, so I don't really think this is like a valid reason to go break even. A lot of people ask me like, "Where do you go break even?" Like, and it really depends every single time. Like, usually it's at the internal lower high. Other times, it could be if I have a lot of conviction in the trade and this intermediate lower high or this internal lower high is not a point in which I think price could reverse from, then I'm not willing to go break even at that point, right? So, I'm going to try to enter shorts here. We'll get it with one con. And we'll do one contract here, so Okay, cool. Risking about 535 to make 700, so let's play this out. Rejecting this 30-second bearish gap here, which is exactly what I want to see. Nice, still respecting it, trading lower, respecting that gap. Right, so the reason also see why I didn't go break even here because we hit this, we go back to this 30-second gap to send price lower. Now, I see this area as protected. I don't want to see price trade back to this area. So, now I will go break even and super close to TP here. This 1-minute gap should send price lower for this 30 second. There we go. Beautiful. Really, really nice there. Got about a 1:1.3 RR on that trade. So, really happy with that. Very textbook setup here. Super textbook continuation and this just absolutely dumps. But, giving me a nice 1:1, getting my piece of the pie and I'm out there. All right, let's go to the next day. All right, I'm going to try to make this video like informative while at the same time not being super slow with every single day. I'm just going to show you guys like how I backtest like normally. Yeah, okay. We are really bearish obviously. We are just dumping right now. So, I'd want to see some sort of short here. Uh, maybe price trades up to this 15-minute bearish gap to send price lower. Could get something like that. That would be nice. And 30 opens, we go lower. Okay. Now, we're going higher to this 15-minute gap. I'm chopping around. Little MD. You have an hourly gap up here. This could be the high of day. I do like this. See if we want to soup that or go lower. So, right now like internally, right? There we are setting up for some sort of short. Yeah, so this is going to be a short. I don't love this. Why don't I love this? Because we didn't hit any key level, right? We're rejecting off this, but the key level I really want to see is that 1-hour intermediate high or that 1-hour fair value gap. To me, this is just generating liquidity. So, if anything, this is leaning a little bit more bullish mechanically. 15-minute gap here is going to open up. But, this will probably play. This MACD model will probably play out. Yeah, so it plays out. This short works. Again, just not something I'd I'm personally willing to take just cuz we didn't hit that high. But, longs here look great, right? Okay, so I do like longs here. Little 1-minute inverse. 2-minute. But, yeah, I mean this 1-minute is all I need. This is a lot of displacement up. Super, super bullish reaction off of this. Yeah, I for sure will be taking this. I'll just try to aim for like a 1:1, stop at this candle right here, and TP up there. I mean, this is a super textbook setup, right? We have an unfilled 15-minute gap right here, MAC model. We are just placing off of this bullish 15-minute gap, and obvious equal highs up here. I'll aim for that one to one. So, I'll try this with 565. I can't do exact risk because I'm on NQ. If I was on MNQ, I'd be able to do exact risk, like risk 1% perfectly every time. Okay, wait. I'm still not at a one to one. One to one would be up here. Okay, cool. Okay, I'm definitely going to go break even there. One point away. Bro, there's no way. I was like one point away from my TP. But, break even here, obviously, cuz we did hit my target. I was just aiming for that one to one. Okay, there we go. I was going to say, dude, super close to TP there, but yeah, there's that one to one. That's why it's kind of sketchy sometimes. Like, I could have just moved my stop. There's times where I move my stop, and I just like put my TP for the one to one. There's times where I just have my stop be the same, and then ex- extend the TP. There's really no like right way of doing it, honestly. It's just wherever like whatever the setup's showing you. Like, if you can put your stop higher, then put your stop higher. If you can't, and I really only saw this as like the best stop loss possible, then I'm just going to put it there. All right, cool. We'll move on. So far, two and 0 on the week. Let's move on to the next step. But, super simple. All right, let's talk about bias now for this day. Let's remove all the drawings. We are obviously going to this weekly low. So, very, very obviously going for this low unless did ES take this out? [music] ES did sweep out a daily low here. Could see some sort of bullish reaction off of that, but honestly, like I'm leaning a lot more bearish. We have a lot of trend line liquidity here as well. I'd want to take some short entries. We also have a data low here. So, leaning a little bit more bearish. Let's see, 9:30 open high, or we just take out the data low. Now, for me to take a short, what do I need to see? Man, was there 30 second in this? Okay, but let's see. Still really bearish here because we are respecting this 15-minute gap right here. We have all this trend line, and still the weekly draws lower on NQ. Um so, I'm still looking to see prices lower. See if we want to get some sort of 5-minute continuation. All right, 5-minute gap here. So, if we tap that, we also have an unfilled 5-minute gap as a DOL right here. So, this looks actually super nice. No, we were so close. Damn, super close. No entry on that, unfortunate. All right, we'll keep looking. All right, another 5-minute gap tap here. I mean, in a 1-minute. Dude, I honestly just want to try this just because I mean, this will most likely be a break-even trade, but you don't know. Sometimes you can get away with like these type of trades and these just flush. I mean, I'm not going to lie, this is definitely going to be a break-even trade either way, but really, really obvious draw, right? 5-minute continuation model. We are clearly displacing lower. I say it's just worth a shot, and I'll just probably aim for this [music] low right here. Or just because of how bad this entry is, bro, I'm going to go for the one to one with a stop at that the displacing candle's high. I can honestly put it at the body. Yeah, I don't want to see price going higher than that. I mean, there's no way we reverse all the way up back up there, and yeah, okay. Let's rip this. I'm going to go for two contracts like as much as I can do. I can do about two contracts for 670, a little bit more than 1%, but okay, let's try this. This will definitely be a break-even trade, but let's just like make sure we're not getting screwed here by going on 30 second. Okay, so break-even here. See, this is an entry where I feel comfortable going break-even this early. And the reason I want to go break-even this early is just because we are like hitting all these draws. I could see price rebalancing, could see price dropping. This is just an entry where the draw on the equity is still a little bit far. So, yeah, break-even trade. No, man, brutal, but we could get some sort of maybe re-entry. We still have the draw intact, like we still have draws intact here. [music] I mean, SMTs were forming, dude. I'm just super confident in this draw right now, which is why I'm just looking for any entry. Oh, it's going to hit. Man, it hits right there. Off of like no key level, though. We still have an unfilled 15-minute gap there. Yeah, session's chopped. I mean, we're just bearish as hell, going for this low. I doubt I'm going to get an entry now. Okay, yeah, just dumps with no entry. We'll move on to the next day. Unfortunate break even, but it is what it is. Okay, so bias honestly inside of this new week opening gap could see a bounce off of that. Did ES hit anything? We still have this low on ES. So could be bearish towards that. Also do have unfilled gaps up here. We have a lot of trend line liquidity as well above us. Could see a rebalance. Could see a reversal. I'm open to anything honestly. I'm I'm leaning a little bit more bearish just because of this low on ES, but let's see what we want to do with open. So an open high low close here would be A plus honestly. 9:30 give me an open high. Okay, okay, okay, okay. See, I would never long this just cuz look how close this low is on ES. Way too close. Whoa. Look at this move. Man, we're way too close to this 15 minute immediate high and it's an unfilled hourly. Yeah, not a trade I'd ever take. I want to see price generate liquidity here. Give me one more swing up. One more swing up. Okay. Honestly, I really do like this short. A lot of trend line liquidity here. I mean, we're inside this hourly fair value gap. 15 minute immediate high sweep. Low resistance liquidity. We have an accumulation manipulation. We have an inversion to the downside. ES is well really close to the sell side here. I would definitely be taking this short here. I just need one more candle. This is a two minute close. So I need to see a two minute close below this. Okay, so there's the entry. Damn, a little bit worse of an entry, but it's all good. Stop loss here. We'll just go for a one to one. Honestly, you can put the stop loss like a little bit tighter. Yeah. Okay, I'm going to try this. Low resistance liquidity. Two minute inverse. We have an order block here also to support price lower. I could put my stop loss like even here, but just because this gap is unmitigated probably like wick into it if anything. All right, so let's try this. Number of cons max max risk percent two. All right, so we're risking around $600 to make $600. So around 1% or a little bit more than 1%. Let's try this though. I'm not going to lie. I don't really see any point in going break even now just cuz this is low resistance liquidity. Maybe once we take out this internal low now, I I go break even. Okay, so now I'll go break even. Now I think there's a good point to go break even. Do not want to see price go back up. Beautiful. All right, and we're out there. That's it. That's all I need. My one-to-one and my piece of the pie. Beautiful short here. Again, aligned with that higher time frame trend. We're just using that as a magnet and now I don't care, right? We can go up, we can go down, we can do whatever the [\h__\h] we want. We want to chop around. Sure. Cool. End to the week. All right, what was that? Three and oh on the week. Really solid start. Let's go to the next week. Inside of this bearish daily gap, bearish 4-hour gap as well. We have an unmitigated 4-hour up here we could see, but I am liking shorts. I'm liking shorts more, honestly. All right. But let's see what 9:30 wants to do. Maybe a retrace. Yeah, I like shorts here. Accumulation, manipulation. Maybe tap into this and send price lower. See 9:30 opens higher and we just displace up, actually. Okay. Well, we have the unfilled 4-hour right here as a good draw. Bouncing, obviously, off of this 1-hour gap. Really bullish move. Damn, no entry for that. 5-minute tap. We're going to have some sort of 30-second There's a 30-second long right here. What do we think about this? The only reason I don't really like this is just because we did just sweep or just did tap into this 15-minute gap. I'd rather see price like generate liquidity, have this be another re-sweep, and then go for a long. I'm not really loving longs right here. Yeah, there we go. Because again, we did just tap into this 4-hour, so trying to long again to this high immediately is like pretty low quality. We have a 9:35 devil's mark here. So, maybe make the candle on this and then we could get some sort of reaction now that we're just generating liquidity to the downside or to the upside. Nope, we don't get it. Damn, I really wanted that. I wanted that discounted 5-minute tap really bad. Brutal. Brutal. Do we do it on ES? Nah. Yeah, I mean there's a 30-second long. It was okay. Dude, it's just so choppy. See what we react off this. Yeah, nothing I love yet. Maybe honestly, maybe a 5-minute inverse wouldn't be bad. It's not a close. So, we are inside of a 15-minute gap, but I'm not going to lie, I really do like I don't know. We have another 5 minute here. Or no, it's a 4 minute. Yeah, the 5 minute's closing. I honestly do really like this short. I want to try this just to the this right here. The only problem, man, this is going to be tough. Stop loss here. This is going to be like a big trade. So, break even would be at the unfilled 15-minute gap. I know we are on side of another 5 minute, but this is or another 15 minute, but this is enough displacement for me to try something like this. This is a 950 low. We do have that SMC. I really do like this 4-hour high here. Daily gap is just getting respected. All right, let me try this short. I'm willing to put on risk for this. Number of cons I will do Oh, wow, that's a lot. I can do it actually at this order block at the 1-minute OB. Damn, that's still risking 710. [music] Okay, well, I'm willing to put on this risk honestly. So, I'll try this. Risk one con here. It's a lot of risk, but I'm willing to do it. Bang. Beautiful. Okay, break even here. Look at that displacement. Beautiful. Like just look at this soup on ES. Look at the 5-minute. It was just enough displacement for me to try something like this. And bang. TP there. Look at that TP. Beautiful. Okay, super nice. Got myself that one-to-one. All I needed I just needed that little piece of the pie. All right, we can move on now. This was Monday. Great great start. We're actually cooking right now. All right, Tuesday. All right, Tuesday. So, leaning a lot more bullish here. We're obviously just disrespecting all these gaps in this range. I just want to be on side this trend honestly. We're just ripping higher. So, that's really not trying to That's really it. Just ripping higher. Maybe a little paddy swing, little 93 Judas. Ooh, no paddy swing. We're actually going a lower here. Okay, I could see this going down to this unfilled 15-minute gap. It's the most obvious area of interest. So, maybe a short down to here would be nice. Okay, cuz we did also obviously sweep out this like 4-hour [music] intermediate high. This is also a daily premium gap on ES. So, like this reaction is completely valid. Maybe a continuation model. Okay. Honestly, I am willing to try this short. We have a 5-minute rebounds here. The 50-minute is in the sell model, right? We're disrespecting these gaps, delivering off of this daily for rally gap, 4-hour new high. I was super daily bullish coming into the day, but I could see this rebalance just because of how overextended we are. Um so, I will try this. Maybe to I mean, we also have this unfilled 50-minute gap. This will be a good draw. I'll try this. 30-second short here. This was the highest time frame in this manipulation leg. And we can put a stop loss at this high, put a TP down there. This is great risk-to-reward as well. We can do one con, risk 360, or try risk 720. See, this is the problem with like trading on NQ also versus MNQ. It's like that's such a fat difference, [music] bro. All right, whatever. I think I'll just rip that 720 risk, honestly. We'll send it. Big balls here. All right. I'll go break even once we take out this low. Or honestly, now that we traded into this gap, and we took out this internal low, I will go break even. I like this being my break-even point now. Oh, so close. I could just rip that one to one, but I honestly have a lot of conviction this unfilled 50-minute gap down here. So, I'm going to hold for this. Again, this 30-second inverse continuation model. What? There's no way. Bang! There we go. I was going to say, dude. What an actual banger of a trade there. Okay, beautiful. Look at that TP. Beautiful. Let's move on now. All right, we are Wait, bro. We are actually cooking right now. Let's see. Unfilled daily gap. We're just in between this range right now. So, we have previous day high right here, and previous day low intact. So, what do I want to see? I want to see I mean, I really like this range. Just wherever we start displacing to, I'll take either a long if we start displacing higher, or a short if we start displacing lower. So, let's just play out these candles here. When we're in between ranges like this, like it's hard to predict. Yeah. [music] All right, so we're displacing higher. Again, we have previous day highs a very obvious draw, so long here. Ooh, nah. It's like a 3-minute continuation. Bro, this draw is so obvious. Should I rip a 3-minute? Is this a breakaway gap? 5-minute or 3-minute top? 5-minute? Yeah. Honestly, I want to try this. Bro, this is probably going to be a break-even trade. I want to try this. I'll go break-even at this high just because of how obvious this draw is. I usually need to see at minimum like some sort of higher time frame, like 5-minute gap or 15-minute like delivery. But, this is a 3-minute continuation that's sponsored from a 15-minute gap down here. So, if we look down here, we have a 15-minute leg, then we have a 3-minute, and then just from this massive amount of displacement in reaction we're getting with this 1-minute inverse. I'm only going to try this. Like, this could definitely hit for the 1:1 just with the amount of displacement we have. And if this re-sweeps in the 5-minute boom, I'll get another entry on it. I'm honestly willing to try this though. 490 risk, yeah. Okay, so break-even there. Let's see. Let's see if we can get lucky here. Bang, let's go. 1:1 there. Beautiful. And this will probably keep going. Keep rallying up. All right, and we go to the external high, which I could have held for the external high, but I like my piece of the pie, you know. We very could have well traded down here. Bro, I'm actually cooking right now. Holy [\h__\h] But, yeah, it just goes to show like I'm literally just trading with the trend. What is the market showing me? We are displacing higher, so I'm going to take a long. If we're going lower, I'm going to take a short. Okay, cool. So, I mean, we can just play out the rest of this day. We just rip, right? Beautiful. All right, don't really care. Let's move on now. All right, so this is going to be Thursday. We had a a huge rally up. Definitely want to be on side that trend. Probably have this 4-hour sponsor a move towards this high. That's what I'm expecting. Also inside this 4-hour ES. So, let's see. 9:30 open low, high close here would be beautiful. 9:30 open low. Give me the open low. Nice. Okay, we are inside of this 15-minute gap down here. See if this wants to send this higher. Nope, we go down in the hourly or the 4-hour. Okay, so this should be like low of day. Yeah, now we're displacing through this, so we are bearish. So, my bias was just wrong, which is completely fine. We can now look for maybe this low down here or this unfilled 4-hour gap down there. Damn, just like literally zero entry. Hopefully Oh my god, generate liquidity. Oh my god, wait. This actually could be super textbook. If we literally leave this low, there's no way, right? Wait, I don't like this 5-minute gap though. It's way too discounted, too many gaps in this range. Go a little bit higher on Q. Oh, we hit the 50-minute. We hit the 50-minute. That's actually perfect, actually. And we swept out the intermediate high within this, which makes it good. Higher time frame Q level. 30-second inverse and trend say delivery, but we didn't get the 1-minute. I'd rather see a 1-minute close here. If we get like good displacement Oh my god, bro. [music] This is so textbook, actually. Wow. Stop loss here, TP here. This is probably the most beautiful trade I've ever seen. Look at this. 50-minute, we have the unfilled 4-hour here. Right here, we just generated that liquidity. Beautiful. And this is obviously really discounted, but a lot of the times, guys, with continuation models like this, it's pretty rare you get like a fat rebalance to EQ of the range, and then you get a short. Like, that [\h__\h] just genuinely doesn't happen. Like, you guys see with like the last trade I took with the continuation, it was pretty premium. This trade here, it's pretty discounted. But, we are having a protected high here, right? The 5-minute swept out its internal high. This is a 50-minute bearish rally gap. There's no reason price should return back up to this high. And if we do and we start generating even more liquidity, then yeah. But, the reason being like we already have this generated liquidity here, it's such a strong draw. The market is just going to get a little rebalance and keep dumping. That's what you want to see with these continuations. And all this yap, and if I get stopped out on this, this would probably be funniest flop, but >> [laughter] >> Let's see. We'll do 460 risk. If I get stopped out after all that, oh no. Oh, [\h__\h] Oh, no, we good. Oh my god, break even. This is literally the most textbook setup so far. Probably going to dump to this unfilled 50-minute down here. Watch. This is going to be like the main draw. Oh my god, please be him. Ah. All right, I was a little bit wrong. It dumped even farther. But, there we go. Beautiful. Oh my god, wait. Look at this profit I could have made. I don't really care though, I got my 1:1. Could literally ended the backtesting session with that if we just held. I'm just kidding though. Anyways, dude, look at this profit, bro. We're up 560 risking 1% a trade. Damn, we are actually cooking right now. We are actually cooking. I haven't lost a trade yet. Okay. Cooking, cooking, cooking. Okay. So, delivery off of this 4-hour gap here and now we're inside of a new 4-hour bouncing in between PD arrays. So, when that happens, I usually like to see what ES is doing to give us a maybe a clearer narrative and picture and it is giving us a clearer narrative and picture being we are really bearish towards this low still. I really do like shorts from here. Really, really do like shorts from here. Okay. So, let's see. 9:30 giving me the open high. Oh my god, man. I mean, not like that. Jesus. Geez Louise. Maybe soup this high. Give me a short. What even is this level I have? Nothing yet. I don't want to see little bang. 30 second? Ooh. Do we like this 30 second? No, no, no. I mean, everything's way too choppy right now. I'd like to see if we can like generate some liquidity leading up to this 5 minute. Maybe give me one more sweep. Too choppy still, man. Can you see it break out of this range? Holy chop, bro. Look at this chop fest. And then we have news and now we have the inverse and I missed it. But, we inverted this 15 minute no key level. Ugly chart here. Man, I actually missed this. We have the 4-hour SMT here. But, I don't know, man. This is way too choppy of a chart. I don't really like this. It hits, but I'm not going to lie, guys. This is a way, way too choppy for me. Wow. And then look at this Oh my god. Look at this 2-minute inverse back up. Wow. And then we reverse this whole move back down. Holy [\h__\h] Wait, this short was actually really good, guys. I'm not going to lie. I just missed that. I skipped way too fast. I skipped way too fast. This short was actually good. That actually looks really nice. All right, whatever. We move on. Don't tell me we are going to hit this draw on Friday. Don't tell me. No, we still leave it. Okay. So, like these daily lows, man, are looking super juicy. I just wonder when we're going to go hit them. But, all right. We're inside this bearish 4-hour. We have a lot of LRL also stacked up here. Oh my god. Look at this liquidity, guys. I'm going to be bearish this whole towards that. So, give me a short setup, please. There's also, yeah, a short setup here will be so textbook. 9:30 open high into maybe, yeah, just sweeping out this high. And there's really like no draws on liquidity like immediate higher, meaning we should definitely get a rebalance at this point. Don't give me that candle, bro. Give me a short entry. Ooh. Ooh. Okay. No entry, man. I'm going to have to take some sort of I'll try this 1-minute the close is pretty trash and the stop loss is also trash. Like that's the only place because we have gaps here. You can probably rebalance, too. Just this draw in general is so freaking obvious, man. I wish there was a 2-minute or 3-minute or something like where is an easier Damn. This 30-second at the top though is probably the move. I could have ripped that. The reason I like the short so much is because of this 15-minute equal lows. We have a 15-minute gap here. Also aligning with all of these stacked lows right here. The only problem with this I mean, I could tighten my stop to like this being like this is like the breaker block area. Yeah, I could just like have a looser stop like this. I think I'm honestly cool with that and have like a 1:1. All right, let's try this. 1:1 here or let's aim for the 1:1 with this. All right, and let's try this. Risking [music] 570 or 695. All right, [\h__\h] it. Risk cannot be larger. Okay. All right, so let's try this. Risking 695 makes 695. Just going to break even here I have to. Hopefully we just get a direct candle. Hopefully I don't get stopped. Give me one more. Oh my god. Holy TP. Holy TP. The way I adjust my TP's like in my stop like bro, I'm actually himothy. Holy [\h__\h] I could have had the stop loss honestly being here seeing this as a breakaway gap. Maybe max we retracing this, but like I don't know 9:30 volatility sometimes we could retrace. Safe stop loss though, I'm cooking right now, guys. I'm actually cooking. I'm in flow state. Holy [music] [\h__\h] Can I lose a trade, dude? A really good backtesting session to do. Thank you, chat for giving me this month 2023 of August. Cooking right now. Daily chart, we did just sweep out a daily high, previous day high. We are rejecting off this area and I do really, really like these draws here for short. So, I will be 100% looking for shorts. Let's see. 9:30 give me an open high. Open high into maybe a 15-minute bearish gap. This could send price lower being this hourly high here definitely could be protected and then this is the condition that sends us lower. Bro, give me a 30-second off this. Bro, give me a 30-second off this. I thought I was going to get a 1-minute. Okay. Or we go up to this to this high here. Also, could be could be could be valid. I don't really care. Oh, I want to take an early short here. But, we're inside this 2-minute. I honestly want to wait. I want to see this 2-minute inverse. I'm going to wait for highest time for me in this leg. Wait for the 2-minute inverse. Get a little bit more confirmation, a little bit worse or straw war, but it'll be worth it. See no close there and we sweep out this low. This is going to be a sweep. Yep, there's the sweep. Okay. Bias is wrong. Damn, bias is just like atrociously wrong. Like, my bias is just so wrong. Okay. Well, super bullish now. Maybe some sort of rebalance and give me a long. Damn, they're already was that rebalance and a long down there. Little 5-minute entry low sweep. We have an unfilled 15-minute gap. We have an unfilled 15-minute gap here. Don't like this. Fail, fail, fail. Oh my god. Wait, this could be textbook. 3-minute? Holy textbook. Wait, is this textbook though? The reason I don't love this is just because we're so far from this draw. Like, when we're usually this Oh, no. ES though is so close. I lied. I do like this. We are really close to this. ES, give me that SMT too. And there's that bullish SMT at the lows. 3-minute inverse. We have perfect equal highs. ES is super close to that high. All right, I'm going to try this. Is this a close? Like, I don't know if we closed here. 03, yeah. That means we closed, right? I'm like pretty sure. Okay. Stop loss will go here and I'll just aim for that one to one. Or honestly, I want to just try this and wait until ES takes the high. I want to try to go for a big RR here. But, stop loss to the low. Okay, perfect. Go for 480 risk. All right, let's try this 3-minute inverse. That's the close, yeah? Okay. No break even yet. We didn't hit this high. Okay. Go break even now and I'm going to hold until ES takes out the high, bro. I'm actually him. Hold up. I'm going to trail my stop low-key to secure that one to one. That's not even a one to one. Nah, [\h__\h] a trail stop. I mean, I'll just do like a little bit of profit. This should have just hit. Yeah, we should just hit here. Oh my god, I'm cooking. Dude, holy [\h__\h] Actually cooking right now. Beautiful. Look at this. This is an 11:00 kind of trade, but why do I like this so much? Because 10:00 generated liquidity, we then trade it lower, SMT here, 3-minute inversion upside. ES has an obvious draw. [music] Please tell me this is high of day. Could have held for all the way up there, but nah. Yeah, and then we chop around a little bit. Chop fest now after having this diabolical run up. I'm going to lean bullish towards this. Just leaning bullish because of obviously the massive displacement we've been having. So, maybe some sort of open low. Let's see what 9:30 wants to do. [music] Nothing. Oh, wait. This might be good. Equal highs. We have We could just see this as a protected low, right? This is What time? This is like this is If this is London lows, yeah, this is London lows. This 5:00 a.m. lows. Overnight session trading to this. 15-minute gap tap here. Get a one-minute inversion upside. Little paddy swing. Oops, I didn't mean to click through that next candle. But, I'm going to try this. Little paddy swing here. Okay, I'll try this long. We have a 15-minute gap tap here. Sweep out of the intermediate low. We have generated equal highs. Yeah, I really like this. I'm going to try this. One to 1.8 RR. I'll just do one con, one contract here. Risk 455. Okay, cool. Rip this. Yeah, so I'm just going to be cautious here. I mean, this could fit Like the only reason I really, really like longs here and I'm not too worried about this LRL down here is just because this is a protected low or should be a protected low, right? Discounted little 4-hour in this range, the second 4-hour here. I'd want to see this hold and have the gap that got created off this right here hold. And we also swept out the intermediate low. So, let's say I'm wrong and then we just go back down to London lows and we want to sweep that out. Okay, I just don't really see a reason to go back to London lows, but could be wrong here and this could just fail. Nope. Nope. Come on, bro. Give me the Drake. Drake, I'll break even there. Cooking right now. Look at this bias. Called that perfectly. Literally called that bias perfectly. Said bullish up until here. High day. Oh my god. Himothy, bro. And then look at that close. If I would have closed up there. All right, we are [\h__\h] cooking. All right, August 31st. Let's see. We have I think another week after this and then we're good. Okay, again, really bullish. Why we have a daily internal high right here. We are just obviously displacing towards You guys just see how I'm like not overcomplicating my bias whatsoever. I'm really just like bullish cuz we're going up and where's the next swing high? Right there. So, I'm going to be bullish until then. Boom. It's super, super simple. So, that being said, let's see what 9:30 wants to do. 9:30, okay. Give me a 5-minute pullback and I'll honestly rip this long. Damn. No. Give me a good short, low-key. Could this be a good short? How are you feeling about this short? Do I like it? Not really. I think we're just too bullish on the higher time frame. Like this could definitely play just because we are pretty far from this high. It's not like too much of a magnet, but I'm not really willing. Yeah, plays. It worked. Little 1-minute long within this. Oh, it's a 30-second. Man. I don't know. This is too choppy. 1-minute long down here worked. Too choppy. 5-minute gap here. I mean, is it good? We did sweep out this low. There's an SMT here sponsoring that on the 5-minute. A little like 1-minute SMT. Really obvious draw, right? We're just really obviously going to this daily internal high. I mean, I'll try this and just break even up here. I could see this as a protected low. Yeah, I'll try this and then just break even here and just try to target that daily internal high. [\h__\h] it. Let's try it. All right, I'll go for 1% risk. Number of contracts, one. Are we going to do Nah, that's a lot. 730 risk. I'll do 370 risk. [\h__\h] it. A little bit lower risk on this. Okay, just quick break even on this. It'll probably be a break even trade. Yeah. That's why I go break even though. That's why I go break even because look, we got super close to this high and then we never hit it. So, W break even, that would have cooked me. I'm not going to be happy with that. And now, maybe a long. I don't even know if I like this PA. I don't really like this price action. No, I'm not going to look at 11. See, we don't even hit it. Do we hit it in the next day? The next day we hit it with a [\h__\h] Drake candle in the upside. Okay. So, drawing liquidity was right obviously, but just no entry towards that. Now, again, I'm just still going to try to trade with the trend, although these do look super juicy. These lows look super juicy. A short here would be super juicy. Look at this 8:30 low. Wow. Open high. Give me an open high. Sweep out this high and give me a short, bro. Keep Sweep out this high and give me a short. It's 9:23. Premarket short. Oh my god, this is A+ but it's premarket. No, it's premarket. This short is so good. Man, I wish I could have taken something like this. It's just against my rules to trade premarket. Bro, I just want to like [\h__\h] short right now. But, damn. That was so good. It's literally exactly what I want to see happen, bro. It was just against my rules. Okay. Could get a reaction off this um after sweeping out all these lows, right? Higher time frame is obviously super bullish, [music] so maybe some sort of reaction. This could be the condition. Could get a little mech. Is this a mech model? Okay. Going lower. Sweeping out this low right here. We still have lows. Honestly, bro, I'm not really loving anything right now. Okay. I mean, let's see. All right. We are holding this for too many gaps still. Like, what is that close? I don't know, man. I'd rather short this if I'm being completely honest. Like, looks bearish. 30 second here? No 30 second? 30 second here? Nope. Okay, I could see this 5 minute for alley gap. 4 minute inverse. Honestly, I want to try this. 4 minute inverse. We have a sweep on this 15 minute high. Could be a protected high for sure. We still have lows here. This is a very bearish move, honestly. Daily internal high sweep. Yeah, I'm going to try the short for sure. 4-minute inverse the downside. Highs time frame in this live is no 5-minute, right? Okay. So, we'll try the short. Stop loss here. Let's go for the TP down here for like a 1:2. This will be a fat trade if this hits. Okay. Risk, we can risk 645. That's cool. Again, it's hard to do like perfect risk. What is going on? Just give me one phone. Okay, here we go. So, I think a break even point could be here. I don't know. I don't see a point honestly to go break even. So, anywhere on ES that looks good. Let's just play it by how the candles are moving honestly. Let's see. Oh wait, the close wasn't even there. Where the [\h__\h] is the close then? Okay, the close is there. Okay. I don't understand like sometimes like these backtests and size a little bit a little bit glitchy, but maybe I just had to refresh. Either way, I don't really see a point of going break even anywhere honestly, guys. There's no real like point. I think I'll just like let this trade run if I'm being honest. Okay, so some place like this, yeah, now I should go break even, right? We retraced into whatever gap this is. This is yeah, whatever like a 1-minute gap, 2-minute gap, right? We retraced into this. Swapped out the internal high here. We should not go back to this point now, right? So, this is sometimes what I like to do is just like let the trade play out and then go break even. There's not really like an obvious break even point sometimes. All right, super close to the draw here, right? We're also like Look at all these stacked generated lows here. I really, really like this. Hey, man. Like, I don't know how I'm cooking this how I'm cooking this hard. I'm not going to lie. But, we are cooking hard, like very hard. Okay, holy [\h__\h] bro. I'm not going to lie. This is like one of the craziest runs I've had in the past succession in a while, bro. Holy [\h__\h] This is crazy. Okay, I'm pretty sure September this is bank holiday now. It's Labor Day, I'm pretty sure. Yeah, this is Labor Day for sure. Look at the I mean, if you just look take a look at these candles. Okay, we'll move on to the next day. Look at the short. Oh, wow. Missing out on great PA during a bank holiday. Okay. But, I think this is last week. So, let's see if we can end this week. Bro, 100% win rate would actually be crazy. I have a 70% win rate, guys, but there's sometimes obviously where you can have like a 100% win rate month. Oh, wow, this is really good for a short. Look at this. Daily gap here. We're rejecting off the daily high and MACD model. Oh my god, give me the short. Yes, probably in the same spot. Yep. Look at ES's draw. I'm going to get 84. Oh my god, textbook short. Textbook short, 9:30 open high, ready? Open high. Sweep out this high. Give me the entry. Holy [\h__\h] Is the DAX just blessing us with trades? >> Is it though? >> I'm going to fade this, guys. Damn, I'm on 10%. Okay, I got to finish this fast. I'm going to fade this just because of this. I'm going to fade this just because of that internal high. There's no real key level here is the problem, guys. There's no like gap really to sell this low, so I'm going to fade this. If we go up there, I will take a short. Man, it plays out. It plays out, but it's this price action's horrible. Yeah, this PA is actually dog water. I mean, now I'm not I mean, I'm definitely I mean, should I take something like this? Actually looks really solid, I'm not going to lie. Hourly intermediate high. We're at 3-minute. I'll wait for the 3-minute close. If we got a 3-minute close, I will try the short, honestly. 3-minute short, we can try to close. Wow. I mean, yeah, that's why there's I mean, there's no no close on that 3-minute. Okay, end of the day there, and we can move on. Damn, my computer's going to die. Okay, this is the last week though, Wednesday. Let's see, let's see, let's see. Still same draw. I mean, we're still really choppy in a really shitty range right now, so either an open high or just placing lower and we can get a continuation. Okay, going lower. No entry whatsoever on anything. Going up now. Sweeping out something. Not really anything again, there's no real key levels I like right now. I don't like trading within ranges like this, bro. It's just a lot of chopping out. Yeah, I mean, your shorts work, but super rangy. Some sort of 5-minute continuation here could be great. 5-minute equal highs, perfect. Go up to that. Go lower now. Okay, 3-minute. I'll take the 3-minute. Okay, 3-minute inverse, 5-minute gap. Draw on the liquidity being this un before. Really textbook setup. Super textbook. TP would be down here. Okay, I mean, and again, textbook setup. We have a 5-minute intermediate high sweep, 5-minute gap top. Draw on the liquidity still lower. ES just probably dumping right now. Yeah, it's absolutely dumping. So, definitely trying this short. Okay, we'll go with sell one and Q 3-minute inverse. There's no 4-minute There is a 4-minute actually. Oh, I do want to wait for this 4-minute actually. Let's just see where the close is. No, yeah, let's just close out of this. Sorry guys, I want to wait for the 4-minute close. Okay. [\h__\h] the 4-minute just cooked us. Man, that's brutal. That's why sometimes waiting for the highest timeframe, man, sometimes can cook you. But, yeah, I mean, honestly, I'll try this and just not rip a break even. I think the draw is super obvious here. I don't think I'll get a break even. So, I'll still rip this, just not going to break even. And I'm out there. All right, honestly, damn. Okay, so a setup I was really, really liking. That's unfortunate that was like the one loss we took. But, I mean, still a setup I would take like a hundred hundred out of a hundred times, bro. I could have had like a stop super high, maybe up here. Yeah, maybe I was a little bit too panicky with the stop. All right, what percent we on? We're on 9%. All right, got to keep going. Got to keep moving. But, obviously, the draw was there. I just like kind of cooked myself on that entry, I'm not going to lie. Okay, we'll move on. Damn, we did take a loss. I wanted to have a hundred percent win rate. That's brutal. Okay, whatever. Let's see. Going a little bit fast here. That also could be the reason, bro. Inside of the this big 4-hour computer is about to computa. Computa, don't die. Okay, just bearish as hell, bearish as hell, bearish as hell. Okay, super bearish here. 9:30 open high. Or an open low. What are we doing? Go higher. Wait, hold up. I love longs here. Wait guys, I'm not going to lie, I'm going to try this long. I don't know why I like wasn't really paying attention to this, but I do really like this for a rebalance. Yeah, the stop loss is absolutely cooked, but look at these un Look at this unfill 15-minute. Like, look at this draw. And look at like the sheer amount of trendline like leading up to that uh 4-hour tap. Yeah, I'm going to try this for one to one. Bro, give me a 30-second play Yeah, 30-second OB I can put here. This is not too tight of a stop. I actually do like this. Okay, I'm going to try this though. I'm a little late on my entry, honestly. Should have gotten in on this one minute little patty swinging version. All right, we'll rip this one to one. Let's try it. Come on, bro. Break even? Just give me a one to one. That's all I'm asking. Give me one to one. Banger. Banger. Let's [\h__\h] go, dude. Look at that. I mean, it's just an obvious swing, right? We end up end up going lower. I still think the draw could be lower here on ES, right? We do have that low, but I mean, the generated liquidity leading up to this is just way too [music] obvious. Now, we could go lower. Ooh, edging low, edging the low. Wow, you really just edged that low. Okay, cool. Move on to Friday. Okay, so this will be the last trading day of the sesh. Some see at the top here. Okay. Okay. Hold up. Kind of choppy, bro. Five minute gaps up up here? Maybe a short? Maybe? Nah. Leaving these lows. We're not really doing much, that's why I'm like still willing to maybe take a setup. Nah. Hold up. Hold up. This is a setup I should take. Nice. Who's ending the sesh here? Nah, this two minute actually looks textbook, though. I'll try this two minute. I'll try this two minute. Final trade of the day. Two minute inverse. I got late entry, whatever. Highest time frame in this leg, trading in this two minute gap. Uh, we have an intermediate low sweeping that 15 minute. I would go break even at this unfilled 15 minute. Honestly, bro, do I like this setup, though? Like, the problem with this is that ES is just looking for that protected high. I'll just break even here. I mean, this is such a shitty entry, bro. This is going to be a probably break even trade. But, I've said that every time and it hasn't been a break even trade, so let's see. I mean, I'm just going to go break even at this terminal high, bro. This is a pointless trade, bro. Okay, whatever. Does this even hit? It does hit. What am I doing? Was that break even shot? Why did I break even there? I don't know. I'm fried. I'm just trying to end this. Okay, guys, well, [\h__\h] what was that? 90% win rate? Let's check the stats here. Damn, that was actually a really nice setup. But, it was past 11. It was on a Friday. I was like, you know, having that 100% win rate or 90, whatever percent win rate I'm at right now, so I wanted to keep it safe. 92% win rate. Obviously, this isn't my actual win rate over a large series of data, over like years of data, my win rate averages more out to around 70%. So, this is 92%, but this is really only 1 month of data, right? The month I can do after this, let's say I do September like the whole month of September after this, it could lower down to maybe an 80% then a 70% and like again, that's just statistics. So, that's really it but obviously this was a great session. Um I traded my strategy. I had one loss, I had around four break evens and 12 Ws. So, really happy with these stats. Hopefully you guys learned something from this if anything, there was a lot of takeaways that you guys could have gone from this session. a lot of people have a lot on how I trade my strategy. So, hopefully this cleared up some things for you. If you guys want me to do another session like this, maybe we continue and do a little series or something where I back test a year and you guys can see my win rate just like average out because again, not every month is going to look this good and for example like the month before this in March, I had around like an 80% win rate I think and that's not my actual win rate, right? I have a win rate of around 70%. So, there's some months where it's higher, some months where I have like a 50, 60% win rate but again, the average out of everything is around 70% [music] for me for my strategy. So, that's what I want you guys to take away from this. Don't just see this number right now and be like, "Oh my god, he's a 90% winner." cuz it's not accurate. Thank you guys so much for watching this video though. Hopefully you enjoyed. If you guys want me to do any other types of videos like this, I read comments. I saw a lot of you guys wanting me to do this back test